Blackmailed and Controlled, Pt 1

Author's Note: While this storyline focuses on a woman's desire for young men and being forced into performing sexual acts, every character is of legal age, 20+years of age, and the primary female character ultimately enjoys every sexual act she performs.

Many thanks to HeyAll for the editorial inputs and corrections.

- - - - - - - - - -

As I felt the young man's cock nudging against my puckered backdoor, pushing to be added to the cock already violating my pussy, both of them eager to participate in making me a "three-hole slut," I panicked and once again thought about how I got here. I mean... I'm not someone's slut. I'd never been submissive to anyone growing up or in my marriage. My husband has never so much as spanked me, taken my ass or forced me to do anything, and here I was, a mother in her 40s being gangbanged by five college-aged guys... one of them my son! Even as my brain screamed out that I shouldn't be doing any of this my body was screaming even louder for it not to stop. How had this happened?

- - - - - - - - - -

My name is Melissa, and it all began when I started reading erotica online. My husband and I had been together for over twenty years and to say that our sex life had gotten stale would be an extreme understatement. We both had full time jobs that were very demanding, and we'd raised our two sons, Todd and Erik. When they'd gone to college, I'd hoped that my husband, Scott, would show more interest in our sex life but he didn't. It stayed the same. Once or twice a month he'd ask if I was interested, and he probably truly believed that was an acceptable "seduction." If I felt like it, I'd say sure and after very minimal foreplay we'd fuck - usually missionary or me on top. I couldn't tell you how long it had been since we'd had sex in any other position. I'd give him head sometimes and would swallow if he came, but he would shy away from going down on me. I didn't get it. I'd tasted myself off my fingers when I masturbated and knew I didn't taste or smell bad. I maintained myself and paid attention to hygiene. What was his deal? I've not let myself get fat or flabby. At five feet five inches tall and a very fit 108 pounds, I run and do yoga daily, so my ass is tight and firm, my belly is flat - like it was before I bore his two children - and my chest wasn't saggy at all as I had small B-cup breasts with very sensitive nipples.

But since Scott wasn't showing any interest in an accelerated sex life, much less in anything beyond seriously vanilla sex, I took to reading erotica and regularly fingering myself to multiple orgasms. I even hid that from Scott because I knew he'd be judgmental. "Prude" would be a good word to describe him. I guess, based on my behavior, it would describe me too - but it certainly wouldn't describe my mentality. I had no idea what the variety of erotica was and started out reading sexy stories about couples having anything but vanilla sex. Then I saw other stories about women with multiple partners; women coerced to have sex against their will; women gangbanged at bachelor parties; couples who swapped with other couples and so many fetishes I'd never even heard of. With every new kink I read about my fantasies and sexual needs expanded and I'd become expert at fingering my pussy to orgasm in just a few minutes. It even got to where I was going to the bathroom at work, biting my lip to keep from screaming out as I fingered myself to orgasm in the stall thinking about a coworker - or two or three - using me. Those fantasies progressed to them using me and sending me home to Scott full of cum. Soon I realized that Scott's lack of interest had morphed, in my mind, into him being a "beta" - a guy who isn't first in his woman's life and who serves only her pleasure and the pleasure of whomever she commands him to. I found myself getting off on the idea of having multiple men fuck me, cum in me, and then making my husband eat me clean. I fantasized about him watching it, embarrassed and weak, powerless to do anything but watch and wait to be ordered to eat up the mess other men made in me.

One author on an erotica website I frequented wrote stories that particularly appealed to me. From the time I first started reading erotica to the time I found his stories, it was probably a year. The website offered a service where I could email him some comments and I did. My email said, "You are an amazing writer and I think your stories are very hot. I'm early 40s, married/mom and need more than life offers. My husband is sweet but doesn't get me going and my fantasies are overwhelming me. - Melissa"

I was scared he'd reply and even more scared he wouldn't. I had read many of his stories and wondered if they were true or simply fiction and then realized I didn't care. I wanted to be the woman I read about in his tales: a wanton slut who got off on pleasing the men she played with, one at a time or in groups. I wanted to be the wife that hosted poker parties and serviced every man there. I wanted to be the wife that was strapped to a St. Andrew's Cross (I had learned what that was) and spanked... flogged... touched by every man and woman in the room and fucked by several of the men. Scott and I had never had anal sex - I was an anal virgin - and I found myself masturbating to the idea of being a "three-hole slut," made "airtight" as I was used... treated like nothing but a fuck toy as men used my every hole and came wherever they wished.

That author, Frank, did write back and we opened a dialogue. To say that I was... am ashamed of my fantasies would be another understatement. My fantasies had grown quite dark and gone far beyond simply wanting passionate sex in a variety of positions. One of my favorite fantasies was to be coerced or forced... just shy of raped... into sex with at least three men. There was no way I'd admit to such fantasies of course, but the emails back and forth with Frank became a highlight in my day and I found myself being more open than I thought I could be. Within a few days of our back-and-forth he knew what I did for a living, the general area I lived in, my physical description, my husband's name, the fact that I had two college age sons and their names... so much. He also knew what my darkest fantasies were. The emails where he questioned me... where I found myself giving him honest answers, or even oblique answers that led him in the right direction to answers I was ashamed even to type... Those emails left my pussy dripping wet and in even greater need of service or use. Yes, I wanted to have someone fuck me well, but more than that I found myself truly craving simple use. I wanted a man... actually men, to simply use me; fuck me as they saw fit; control me to give them head; take my ass. I wanted to become an animal meant for nothing other than sexual use and pleasure. But I couldn't admit that, and I certainly couldn't take any action to make that a reality. As much of a prude as Scott was, I didn't even have the courage to talk to him about my fantasies. Hell, I couldn't confess I'd been reading erotica.

In one of his emails to me, Frank had mentioned that if he was ever in my area (he lives several states away) we should have lunch. While he didn't even suggest a sexual tryst, he did say that IF we ever had lunch together, he fully expected me to trim my pubic hair down (his wife keeps hers closely trimmed and I don't. He expressed his requirement that I trim mine, even if he'd never see it.) I have to confess that the idea of trimming my pussy for another man, even if he wouldn't see it, as a requirement to have a meal with him made my pussy drool.

Months went by. Frank and I continued to exchange emails. I kept reading stories. My fantasies kept growing. I masturbated more frequently. Frank introduced me to a website where I could look at some adult toys (yes, I was a mom in her 40s and never so much as had held a vibrator or dildo). My only concern with the idea of a vibrator is that I'd like it more than a real cock and I already felt enough disdain for Scott's sexual prowess and equipment that I was sure... if I got a vibrator and liked it more, Scott would rarely, if ever, get near my pussy again. I held off on buying anything... but even the pictures of those toys and the thought of having them in me was enough to get me wet.

Frank sent me links to videos of women - wives and mothers - getting gangbanged or going to swingers' parties and being shared for the first time. Every time I watched one of those videos, I imagined myself as the woman. The more hardcore the video, the wetter I got and the more intense my orgasms were. In one video I watched a woman who was fucked by six different men. One came in her ass. One came in her pussy. One came in her mouth. The other three all came on her face. I had the most intense orgasm of my life imagining myself as her with cum in every hole and all over me. That one woman had left all six men drained and satisfied. I so badly wanted to be like that.

Then... I guess karma happened. Scott had to go out of town - across the country actually - for six weeks for a training program. Two weeks into that timeframe, Frank emailed and told me he was going to be in my area... less than a forty-minute drive away actually. He didn't know that... but I did as soon as he told me where he'd be. He even casually mentioned the hotel he'd be staying in and it was one of the higher-end ones. He'd be so close... should I tell him? Could we have that lunch and NOT have sex? I didn't want to ever cheat on Scott. If he ever found out it would destroy him... and for whatever weird kinky reason between my ears, the idea of him being emotionally destroyed, not only knowing I'd had sex with another man, but that I'd done all kinds of things with another man that I'd never done with him AND, even better, if Scott could be manipulated to watch it... oh my gawd but I could feel my pussy juice making my thighs slick at the thought.

Shocked at myself as I did so, I emailed Frank back and suggested he'd be close enough to have that lunch date he had mentioned months back. To make myself feel better I told him clearly that it would be JUST lunch with no hope of anything else... and then I added that to make up for it I'd be sure to trim my pussy as he'd requested. At least the knowledge of that should be some consolation. He accepted and our lunch date was set. It would happen in about a week.

For that week I was a mess. I could barely concentrate at work, and I know Scott thought there was something wrong when we'd have our evening phone conversations. He'd call while I was watching a video of some woman being used by a group of men, my fingers deep in my pussy and I wouldn't stop. During one call he even asked if I was having an affair because he could hear my heavy breathing as I approached orgasm. I laughed at the idea reminding him our sons were just down the hallway and I could never do such a thing without getting caught. He made a comment about how at least he knew that would stop me... and I didn't realize until later that his comment implied he couldn't think of any other reason why I wouldn't have an affair. More thoughts piled onto that: first that he said it like he thought I WOULD have an affair if the boys weren't around and second, he said it so casually it seemed like he didn't care. Combined, it really pissed me off and I found myself contemplating the option of having sex with Frank just to prove to Scott (and myself?) that I WAS capable of it, and he (Scott) should have given a little more consideration to trying to take care of me at home.

Truth be told, somewhere inside of me that I didn't want to admit and was ashamed of, I knew I was going to have sex with Frank when we met for lunch. The restaurant we were meeting in was right next door to his hotel, and even if it weren't, I knew I needed to experience the kind of sex we'd discussed; the kind of sex I'd seen porn actresses have in many videos; the kind of sex I knew my husband would never give me. Of course, I couldn't admit that, not even in emails. I couldn't tell Frank that I knew... I was hoping... that I needed it. I couldn't admit to anyone, not even myself really, that if I didn't get that from Frank... I'd lose my mind. I was already near insane with need, and to have the answer available, willing and eager even, and not have it - I'd just go nuts.

When the day came, Frank had been in town for two days already. I had been thinking about him and what might (might!?) happen at our lunch. That morning, as I trimmed my pussy hair down - in compliance with his request - I realized that my pussy had been wet, pretty continuously, for the whole week. I loved how delicious it felt and tasted. I gave a fleeting thought to the fact that I was in the peak of my menstrual cycle, ovulating and easily impregnated. I hoped he brought condoms... and then tried to push all those naughty thoughts out of my mind. I could NOT have sex with this man. That's what my brain said. We ARE going to let this man fuck us is what my pussy said.

I guess I should describe Frank. He'd sent me pictures of everything except his manhood. He was about six feet tall, and a pretty fit 190 pounds. He had a few tattoos but nothing excessive and nothing shocking. He had that mat of hair on his chest that is so manly. His moustache and goatee had just the slightest smattering of gray. Throughout our email exchanges he had never told me how old he was, but I knew he had at least one son not much older than mine, so I thought we were about the same age.

I went to work that morning dressed in my usual conservative attire: a skirt that reached my knees, a blouse that was professional looking and a pair of flat shoes because I'd be on my feet all morning. Underneath was something different. I put on a thong that Scott had never seen and a matching bra that accentuated my nice boobs. I was distracted all morning waiting for noon to arrive as I was meeting Frank at 12:30, and I had taken the rest of the day off just in case lunch ran longer than my one-hour break. I didn't want to be stressing time at lunch. Since it was going to be a one-time opportunity, I wanted to enjoy talking for however long we had.

Promptly at noon I checked out of work. On the drive over to the restaurant I tried not to think about how wet my pussy way or how hard my nipples were. After I had parked, I unbuttoned another button on my blouse. It didn't look slutty, but it showed a bit more skin and I knew Frank would like that. I wanted him to look.

As promised, he met me just inside the restaurant doors and I was pleased to see that he looked like his pictures and as he'd described himself to me. His shoulders were wide compared to his hips. His waist was trim, and he was neatly groomed. He was wearing a polo shirt that fit him well and was tucked into his dress slacks. I put my hand out for a shake since it was our first meeting, but he smiled, said, "God it's nice to finally meet you in person," and then, totally ignoring my hand, pulled me into a hug.

For a VERY brief moment I resisted the hug, but my body screamed into it, pulling him close, feeling him against me from knees to shoulders and inhaling his scent. He smelled delicious - and there's just no other word for it. I couldn't identify his cologne but his scent, whatever it was, made my body scream. I wanted to start pulling his clothes of him right then and there but... the hug broke, and he took my hand. Together, holding hands, we were shown to our table. It was actually a booth near a back corner of the restaurant; fairly secluded as public eateries go. My mind was going a million miles an hour and my pussy felt like it was buzzing. My nipples were so hard they ached. What was I doing?!

I felt like I was two different people. The married conservative mom in me was shouting inside my brain. I should stop this. I should apologize to him and leave. I should tell my husband, Scott, everything when he got home from work, and we'd figure it all out to keep us both happy and satisfied. Something else in my mind was way louder. The needy wanna-be-slut in me was driving me forward, clutching Frank's hand, wondering what he'd feel like naked against me; what his equipment would feel like in my hands; what his COCK would taste like as I sucked it both before and after he fucked me hard.

Frank guided me into the booth and then, to my surprise, slid in right next to me. I had expected him to sit across from me; not next to me. No! I'm trapped! YES! I want him close to me. The emotional rollercoaster fighting the physical desires was mentally exhausting. Finally, something relaxed in my brain. Like a snap I just let myself go to enjoy the meal and the company of this man next to me. After all, we were in a public place, and it was just lunch. (Who was I fooling?)

We made small talk in between looking at the menu and ordering our drinks and food. Frank ordered a beer, so I saw no harm in ordering a rum and coke. I certainly wanted the alcohol to help calm my nerves. One led to two, but I stopped myself there. I felt a bit better and the Caesar salad I had for lunch made me feel responsible and healthy. All through the meal Frank complimented me and asked questions showing his interest in me; my day; my work; my life. He already knew Scott was out of town and how unhappy I was with so much in my marriage. I realized this man knew my darkest desires; he knew things about me my own husband didn't know. It was both exhilarating and scary.

At some point in the meal Frank casually asked me if my pussy was prepared as he had requested. I smiled a big smile as I confirmed for him that it was. He looked at me, very seriously, and asked, "Am I to take your word for it?"

I giggled. "What would you have me do to prove it?" I asked him. "Stand up and show the world so you can see?"

He chuckled. "No, nothing so dramatic," he said. I felt his hand on my thigh under the table and he continued, "just spread your thighs for me and pull your panties aside. Let me feel for confirmation."

I balked at the idea even as I felt my pussy gush. Loving the feeling of his hand on my flesh but still keeping on some semblance of my conservative wife face, I smiled and replied, "You think I'm just going to let you feel my pussy right here? I'm a married woman and this is just lunch."

He smiled back at me. "Uh huh," he said as his hand moved higher up my thigh and over toward the inside. I felt my thighs spreading, as if they had a mind of their own. "Now pull your panties aside so I can make sure you're telling me the truth."

I knew I shouldn't. I knew what would happen if I did. Once I let him touch me, I wouldn't be able to deny him. I'd give him anything he asked for; do anything he told me to. But even as I was thinking those thoughts, I reached down to pull my thong aside... well out of his way. He saw and felt the movement and with his eyes locked on mine, he slid his hand all the way up my thigh and onto my neatly trimmed sex. I'm sure half the restaurant heard my moan when his hand pressed against my swollen pussy lips. I jerked and jumped in the seat as he dragged a finger between them, over my swollen clit. My eyes closed and my head fell back as his fingers slid down between my lips again and one dipped inside my wetness just ever so slightly.

"There she is," he said very quietly in my ear. "There's the slut I knew was in there." He pushed his finger deeper into me. I was so sensitive, and the frustrations had been so built up that I was almost ready to cum right there. I spread my thighs even farther as my body expressed the desires I couldn't make my mouth say.

I heard him chuckle against as he slid another finger into me, his palm putting pressure on my clit, rubbing up and down as he slid his fingers in and out of me. I heard the squish of my wetness and then gasped as I heard the server's voice. "Will there be anything else, sir?" I moaned involuntarily as Frank said, "No, thank you. Just the check." His hand never stopped moving and the server HAD to have seen what was going on. "Yes, sir," the server replied. Frank's hand kept moving. Oh, god what had I just done? A server in a restaurant had just seen this man fingering my married pussy! I was so ashamed... and more turned on than I had ever been in my life.Frank kept fingering and rubbing but didn't let me cum. Every time it got close he backed off until the frustration was so bad I was almost mewling like a hungry kitten. I kept my eyes closed until I felt his hand leave my body and opened them only to see him paying the check. As soon as he'd signed the slip and put his credit card away, he reached down to take my hand pulling me out of the booth behind him as he got up.

No words were spoken as he led me out of the restaurant, and we turned toward his hotel on the sidewalk. I stopped. We were still holding hands. He stopped and turned to me. "My car is the other way," I said to him.

He looked at me for a moment, our eyes gazing into each other's. It's like he was trying to look into my soul. Finally, he said, "And? My hotel room is right other there. What you want and need is a five-minute walk and a short elevator ride away." He paused and looked at me again with that soul searching gaze. He took my other hand so we were facing each other. "Or," he said softly, "you can say goodbye, walk back to your car and go home with your conservative mom and wife image mostly intact." He paused. "But we both know that's not what you want. The entire reason we're here is because you want more than you have. You've confessed to me your darkest desires. You've admitted how unhappy you are and how crazy frustrated you are due to the circumstances of your sex life. You are here because some part of you knew you'd have the opportunity to, at least once, enjoy the kind of sex you've always wondered about; that you've come to crave; that you'll be disappointed about missing if you don't take advantage of this chance. It's a one-time chance... your choice."

I don't know why I did it, but I just stood there. I didn't move to pull away or move toward my car. I was milliseconds from thanking him for lunch and walking away. But before I did that, he leaned in and kissed me. I should have pulled away. He didn't hold me in place. He just leaned in and kissed me. His lips were soft and as they parted his tongue explored... meeting mine. He had started this, but it was immediately our kiss. His lips crushed onto mine as his arms encircled me and pulled me close, holding me strongly against him. His tongue explored mine, tasting it, and my lips... and my breath. His kiss tasted my soul, and my soul was crying out for far more than a kiss. I kissed him back with passion... and then hunger.

There on that public sidewalk, this man's hands explored just as his kiss did and my breath quickened as he caressed and squeezed my ass, his other hand high between my shoulder blades, keeping my chest pressed against him. The kiss definitely touched my soul and the core of my being. I felt my desire in the middle of my body even as my pussy drooled more juice, soaking through the thong and making the inside of my thighs slick.

Then it was gone. He released me and pushed me a half step back, his hands on my upper arms and his eyes meeting mine again. Without saying a word, he held my one hand and turned to continue walking to his hotel. I didn't pause. I didn't hold back. I let him pull me along. I knew where he was taking me. I knew what he planned to do with me - or at least I thought I did. If this man fucked even one-tenth as good as he kissed, I was in for the afternoon bang of a lifetime.

Frank didn't say a word to me as he led me up to the hotel, opened the door for me, followed me through and took my hand again in the lobby. We walked almost leisurely toward the elevators, and I barely took notice of anyone around us. My body was moving and eager. I was almost vibrating with sexual frustration that was finally going to get some release. My brain was having an argument with itself, and the two voices were screaming to the point where I just ignored all of it and went with this man: This man I had shared some of my most intimate secrets with but whom I'd just met; this man who had just fingered me in a public restaurant and kissed me out on the sidewalk. Me - a married woman! Briefly I felt panic surge through me at the realization that someone who knew me might have seen me outside... or might even work at this hotel and see me here. I panicked about the potential reality of Scott finding out I had been here. I panicked even more at the thought of leaving.

I came back to reality as the elevator dinged and the doors opened. A couple stepped out and we stepped in. The door closed behind us as I watched Frank push the button for his floor. As the elevator rose, he turned to me and pulled me in to another kiss. This time he knotted a hand in my hair at the back of my head, pulling my face against his, not allowing any movement unless he willed it. His other hand was around me, grabbing a handful of my ass, forcing me to grind my crotch forward against his body. I could feel his growing erection pushing through his pants against my belly and thought about it thrusting into me even as his tongue was thrusting into my mouth. I moaned at the thought. The elevator dinged for our floor.

Still holding me by the handful of hair, Frank guided me out of the elevator and down the hall to his room. He didn't let go even when he reached into his pocket with his other hand to pull out his keycard and unlock his room door. He didn't let go as he pushed the door open and used that handful of my hair to guide me into the room. I walked in, my heart beating a hundred miles an hour, and stopped when I felt my hair being tugged. He closed and locked the door behind us and then turned me to him again. I breathed in deeply, my mind registering the fact that I was a married woman in another man's hotel room. I was there to get fucked and it was only a small piece of my kinkiest fantasies.

Frank kissed me again. This time he unleashed his passion and his own hunger. As his handful of my hair continued to control me and hold me in place, his other hand unbuttoned my blouse as our tongues swirled. That same hand unzipped my skirt and pushed it down my hips until it fell. That same hand deftly unhooked my bra. And then he released my hair, forcing me against the wall by pinning his mouth to mine, forcing his tongue against mine and mashing my head back so I could get away or move. With both hands he pushed my blouse back and my bra forward. They fell to the floor. My skirt was already pooled around my ankles, and he quickly pushed my soaked thong down to join it. He reached back to get the handful of my hair again and pulled me from the wall without breaking our kiss. I felt like we were sharing a heartbeat and breathing the same hot air. I stepped out of my shoes as he led me to the bed, and he only let go of me to push me down on my back.

I landed there... my legs closed demurely even as I lay naked before him. His eyes took in my flesh as I looked up at him. He began to very slowly unbuckle his belt as he said, "Play with yourself. I want to see your hands on your pussy."

Masturbate? Here? In front of him? There was no way. Not even my husband Scott had ever seen me play with my pussy. Even as I had those thoughts of denial, my hands moved, seemingly of their own volition, between my legs. How had my legs gotten spread? And so far? Frank had a clear view of my neatly trimmed pussy - the pussy I had trimmed for him - as with one hand I circled my clit with my fingers and with the other hand I pushed two fingers into my wetness. "Good girl," he said with a grin. "Now make that pussy cum while I get undressed."

Oh my god, but I did it. I was hungry to do it. I wanted him to see me orgasm; to hear my moans; to see my body writhe with pleasure. I closed my eyes as I pleasured myself and could hear sounds of him undressing behind the wet sounds of my squishy sex. I could feel the orgasm building as I heard his clothes hitting the floor and when the sounds stopped, and I thought he might be naked, I opened my eyes and raised my head to look at him. I saw his muscled chest... his tight abs... his trimmed pubes... and his half-erect cock that was already bigger than Scott's. It was bigger than my college boyfriend's had been. And those were the only two cocks I'd ever had. His cock looked like I could stack my hands on it, one above the other, and have some room left. His balls looked heavy and full and were perfectly smooth. A small drop of precum pooled at the tip of his length as he watched me masturbate. And I watched as he reached for his own length, taking it in hand and giving it a few gentle strokes... and then my orgasm exploded through me. I felt my stomach and thighs quiver as my pussy pulsed and spasmed and my eyes rolled back in my head. It couldn't have been better except if I had been full of a hard cock.

When my orgasm passed and I could look toward Frank again, he wasn't there. Then I looked lower and realized he was on his knees at the foot of the bed, his face mere inches from my sex. His hands touched me on the insides of both my thighs and I moved as he pushed. He forced my legs apart and then pushed them back, spreading me wide and opening my pussy to his view... to his hands... to his tongue... to his cock. Whatever he wanted. With that act of his forcing my legs open we both knew that my pussy was his to use as he saw fit. The invitation couldn't have gotten any wider.

I wanted to watch him eat me and kept watching as he lowered his face into me. I felt his hot breath on the inside of one thigh and then his even hotter tongue on the inside of the other. I moaned as he teased me, licking my flesh and breathing my scent, even as his tongue slowly got closer to my sex. Finally, I felt it as he ran his tongue along the crease between my left thigh and my left pussy lip. From down low to the top of my trimmed pubis, and across, and back down on the other side, between my right pussy lip and my right thigh. With my legs pushed high and wide, he licked between my fuck hole and my puckered backdoor and made another circle around my pussy with his tongue.

The next time he got to the bottom his tongue strayed further and I felt the hot moisture of it tickle across my asshole. I nearly squealed and jumped slightly. His strong hands had moved to my hips, and they held me in place. I kept my legs spread as high and far apart as I could to give him full access. I wanted anything and everything he planned to do with me... or to me. I felt his tongue probing my ass, spreading my wetness as he added the moisture of his saliva to it.

And then heaven... as his tongue traveled straight up the length of my slit, not penetrating me at all but splitting me evenly and putting enough pressure on my erect buzzing clit as he licked over it to make my entire body jerk with the sensation. And then he licked back down... and then up... and then I just laid my head back and released myself to the pleasure he was giving me. He licked and nibbled and sucked and fingered my pussy through two orgasms and somewhere along the way added a finger that he pushed into my ass.

When the second orgasm had finished rolling through me and I was catching my breath I felt him move away and when I opened my eyes he was standing at the foot of the bed. He extended a hand to me and I took it, going with it as he pulled me up to a sitting position and then to standing with him at the foot of the bed. We embraced. I felt his hard cock pressing against me, the precum smearing on my belly as I tasted myself off his lips and tongue. I could smell the aroma of my pussy in his mustache and goatee. It was intoxicating. I found myself kissing him as if I had been dying of thirst and only my own pussy juice could prevent dehydration. I licked his lips and savored his facial hair. I couldn't get enough of my own taste.

Once again with a handful of my hair he broke our kiss and directed me to my knees. He sat on the bed, his cock pointing up and straight at my face. He laid back, pulling me between his knees and forcing my face toward his manhood. He pulled me closer even though he didn't have to. I wanted to taste that beautiful cock so bad my mouth was watering. As bad as I wanted it, he wasn't giving me a choice. He was in total control as he led me forward, pulling my mouth toward his length. For barely an instant I thought about Scott and cheating on him... and then the thought flashed in my head that I wished he was here; here to watch me suck this other man's cock; here to see me naked acting like a purely sexual animal; here to see me get fucked.

With those thoughts on my mind, I opened my mouth wide and welcomed the throbbing cock in front of me onto my tongue. It was thicker than Scott's. It was longer than Scott's. I could barely reach around it and strained my jaw opening my mouth wide enough to get it in. I could only suck about the top two or three inches and made sure I drooled enough saliva along it that I had lubrication for my hands to stroke what I couldn't suck. I had watched enough porn at that point to know how to make it easier for me and better for him. I did my best to suck his cock like I'd seen so many porn actresses do. I felt his manhood throb on my tongue with every beat of his heart and I heard him moan as he appreciated my oral attentions. Every now and then he'd use that handful of hair to push my mouth hard down on his length... gagging me... making it impossible to breath as his cockhead blocked the opening of my throat. He held me there until he saw my nostrils flare as I searched for more air, not finding it until he released that pressure and let me move enough to breath.

Pulling me off his cock by my hair, he guided me down his shaft and I heard, "Don't forget my balls." I kept stroking his shaft with one hand as I dipped my head as he directed, licking and sucking his smooth balls, feeling them move under my tongue and knowing they were full of the hot sperm I wanted him to release. I sucked his balls back and forth, licking each as it was held in my mouth, and then moved back up to the top of his cock as his hand pulled my head. I opened wide and he pushed my face back down on his length, gagging me once again and somehow... I didn't care. My pussy throbbed at being used this way. My mouth was just another hot wet orifice he was using to pleasure his cock and it was what I wanted; what I craved and needed. Being honest with myself, what I had come to lunch with him hoping for.

Just when I thought I might be getting him close to orgasm he pulled me off his cock. He sat up and pulled me up, turning me and pushing me back down on my back on the bed. With one hand holding me in place, my head on top of his handful of my hair, he used his other hand to grab me under my knee. He lifted that knee, opening my legs and pushing that one back. The position angled my pussy up and I moaned as we both watched him position his cock, aiming it at my wet opening. I moaned deeper at the first touch of his dripping cockhead against my still erect clit. He rubbed it back and forth... up and down... sliding his shaft between my lips and making it slick with my juices.

"Please..." I heard a soft voice say. And then I realized it was mine.

"What?" he said. He never stopped moving his cock against me.

"Please..." I murmured again.

He kept rubbing that cock against me. I wanted it inside me so bad. "Tell me what you want," he said.

I shook my head. I couldn't actually say the words. I was already doing everything I shouldn't. I couldn't possibly ASK this man to fuck me, could I? Once again, the image of Scott popped into my head. I envisioned him sitting in a chair off to the side, watching, his much smaller cock in his hand. I felt the flush and rush of certain power and with my eyes locked onto Frank's I clearly said, "Please fuck me! I need your cock in me."

With a grin he dipped his hips, lining up his cock with my so-ready wet opening and he just barely pushed the first inch into me. Even that inch was thicker than anything I had experienced in the past, half again as thick as my husband's cock. I closed my eyes and imagined Scott in that chair watching as I gave my pussy to Frank. I reveled in the feeling of it and moaned out my pleasure as Frank withdrew his cockhead and then pushed in again... giving me a bit more. Back out... and then back in... back out... and then back in. After five or six strokes he was deeper in me than any cock had ever been, and I could feel the stretch in my pussy.

"Yessssss!" the word hissed out of me on top of a moan. "Fuck my pussy."

"No," Frank said suddenly, stopping all motion. He was still holding me down by my hair and had my leg held up high, my pussy pushed open wide. I panicked at the thought that he was going to stop fucking me and looked him in the eye to see what he meant. "Married women who fuck other men don't have a pussy except when they give it to their husband. If you want more... you need to ask me to fuck your cheating married cunt."

What?! My mind screamed. Such a dirty word. It sounded so slutty and pornographic. It sounded exactly like what I wanted. "Fuck my cheating married cunt then," I said to him. "Fuck it. Use it. Pound me full of your cock."

I watched as the grin spread on his face and he let go of my hair. Using that hand, he grasped me behind my other knee and pushed my legs as far apart as they would go. He pushed my knees until they were almost touching the bed on either side of me. My pussy was angled up just perfect for him to keep spearing that long thick shaft into me time and time again. He changed the angle of his hips, and I felt his cock hitting me just right inside... and I came again. He moaned as my cunt squeezed his length, milking him, begging for his cum. He pulled out when my orgasm had passed and used his hold on my legs to roll me over. I found myself laying on my belly and briefly wondered what he wanted. Scott and I made love so much in the missionary position or with me on top (commonly called cowgirl) that I wasn't sure what was coming next.

Frank made it clear as he grabbed my hips and pulled them up, forcing me onto my knees and elbows. I felt his cock lining up and pushing into me again. The depth of penetration felt even deeper in this doggy style position and the strength of his pounding into me, even as his hands pulled my hips back against his every thrust, made me fall forward so my shoulders where on the bed. I was a mess of blubbering flesh as he fucked me hard and fast, deeper than I'd ever felt. The orgasms crashed through me one after another and he never relented. He... just... kept.... fucking... me.

Then his strokes slowed slightly, and I felt his hand tangle in my hair, pulling my head up... and up... and up until I was on my hands and knees and then just my knees. He twisted my head so he could put his mouth at my ear. "Do you want my cum in your mouth or in your cunt?" he asked me softly.

I opened my mouth to answer and only got out, "I..." before he slammed his cock into me so hard it pushed the air out of my lungs.

"I..." and another slam. I moaned. He was fucking me so hard I couldn't even speak.

"I..." and another slam. I moaned.

"Fuck it," I heard him say and his hand left my hair, returning to my hip and that hard, fast, pounding fuck I was so enjoying returned. I could feel his cock spearing into the center of my being. My pussy was dripping and I'd cum so many times I had lost count. I had gone from trying to be anything resembling a faithful wife to being a cum hungry slut who welcomed this man's cock into my cheating cunt. I SO wished Scott was there to see it!

I heard a growl behind me and felt Frank's cock swell even more as his thrusts slowed... a slam... and another... and another... and then he was buried fully inside me, held deep and I could feel the searing heat of his thick semen being spit against my cervix. A hard pulse, and again and again... and maybe six or seven big pulses of hot thick cum fired into my depths, right at the opening of my womb. I panicked at the thought that I might get pregnant and then reveled in the absolute sluttiness of that potential reality. How depraved does a married women have to be to relish the possibility of getting pregnant as the result of being used like a fuck toy?And then the thrusts began again... very slowly. Frank sawed his cock back and forth, stirring his cum inside me... and then he was gone. He pulled me around by my hair and put me face to face with his cock as it softened. "Clean me," he said, pulling my face to his cock. I opened my mouth wide and took in his length, only half hard and still bigger than Scott's. It was covered with the slime of his cum and my pussy juice and the cumslut in me loved it. I sucked and licked his cock clean with a gusto, expressing my hunger for the act and my appreciation to him for making me do it.

After just a few moments, although his cock was absolutely clean of anything but my saliva, he turned me around and put me on my back. Hold my hair/head with one hand, he used the other to dip two fingers into my cunt, pulling out gobs of his cum and bringing them to my mouth. I smiled, said, "Thank you," as I looked up at him and opened my mouth to accept the treat. I sucked and licked his fingers clean, and he repeated the process maybe ten or twelve times.

As we both caught our breath and calmed down, he released my hair and told me to go get a shower to get cleaned up. He watched me as I did so, complimenting me on my body and my eagerness to please. Once I was dried off, he watched me get dressed but told me no when I reached for the thong. He said it was his now. I waited while he showered quickly and got dressed. He walked me down to my car and I once again wondered if anyone who knew me might have seen me in the hotel or on the sidewalk, holding hands with this man. If someone had seen us going in and then coming out, they'd have known about the time and what I'd been doing. What else would a married woman do with a man, not her husband, in a hotel?

At my car Frank gathered me in his arms and pulled me into a deep embrace, kissing me passionately and complimenting me on embracing my fantasies... at least a couple of them. Then he said, "So I'll see you at the restaurant at the same time tomorrow." It wasn't a question... and I was delighted to not argue.Later than evening I laid naked in my bed, my fingers casually toying in and on my still swollen pussy. In my mind there was an argument: part of me was near crying with shame. I had cheated on my husband, Scott. Not only that, but I had done things with Frank that I'd never dream of doing with Scott. I debated with myself about telling him; confessing my infidelity; crying out tears of apology and pleading with him not to leave or divorce me. That voice argued with that other woman I had inside my head; the one I had confessed to Frank, and he'd enjoyed bringing out of its cage. That animalistic and kinky side had enjoyed every moment of the experience and was looking forward to more: more, dirtier, kinkier, more debasing, riskier... That side of me didn't want to confess to Scott but was secretly hoping he'd somehow find out and, instead of reacting with anger, react with... humility? Shame? That side of me wanted Scott to surrender himself, willingly, to cuckoldry; to accept that his wife was a wanton, cock hungry and cum hungry slut, and that he not only could do nothing about it but got turned on by it. That voice told me I could and should do this and soon I'd be making Scott serve my needs as well as the men who used me.

In my mind's eye I replayed the events of the afternoon, always ending up focused on that moment when Frank's cock reached deeper into me than any had before and released his seed. Was I pregnant? Maybe. Probably not. It had taken Scott and I many tries before I got pregnant with our first son, Todd. On the other hand, Frank's cock had jetted his thick sperm-laden cum directly against and into my cervix; of that I was certain. His baby-making swimmers had entered my uterus even as I had orgasmed, the combined muscle spasms only helping to inject his richly fertilizing sperm farther into me. The idea of being pregnant as the result of such an illicit experience only excited me further. My pussy flowed... my fingers found my center... I brought myself to orgasm again... and again... hoping Frank would push my even farther the next day. I needed it.

When Scott called to say goodnight, I kept my voice calm and dismissed the idea of confession. As we engaged in meaningless conversation about his day, my fingers continued to work my pussy... my married cheating cunt as Frank called it... wondering if there was any of his essence still in me? When Scott said he loved me and missed me, I mouthed the words back to him even as I delved my fingers into my still slick sex, closing my eyes and remembering the feeling as Frank's cock first split me open, stretched me wider and deeper than Scott ever had or could. I did love my husband... but I craved and was now addicted to being a cuckolding slut. What remained was to expand my experiences and find a way to convince Scott that he was, and would enjoy being, my cuckold.

The next morning, I woke slowly and stretched and felt a warm throb in my groin that I wasn't used to. I thought for a moment as my sleep-fogged brain cleared and smiled when I realized that the throb was a leftover feeling from the sex I'd enjoyed the previous day. I reached between my thighs, touching myself and realizing that my pussy was sensitive; more than normal. I was still feeling the use from Frank's cock ... and he was going to use me some more this afternoon. I was sure of that. I idly wondered what knew experience he would provide or force onto me. I didn't think the afternoon would be a repeat of the day before; at least I hoped not. That female animal inside of me had only been partially uncaged. I wanted Frank to open the cage door wide and let that animal fully free.

In the shower I luxuriated. I ran the water hot, stretched and pampered myself. As I cleansed my body, I had a naughty thought and embraced it. I had never shaved my pussy before but had trimmed yesterday at Frank's order. Reaching for Scott's shaving cream I lathered my nether lips and very carefully, for the first time in my life, shaved my pussy smooth. After doing a thorough job I rinsed just as thoroughly, soaped and rinsed again. My pussy lips were still just ever so slightly swollen but felt amazing. I wondered if it would make any difference in how it felt to have a cock in it. Drying myself off I smiled at the realization that I'd find out soon enough.

I put on what looked like a reasonably conservative dress for the day. It had built in support for my chest, so no bra was needed, and it came down to just above my knees. The waist fit me well and showed off how fit I was. Reaching into my underwear drawer I pulled out another thong. I loved that Frank had kept the pair I'd worn yesterday, saturated in my juices as they were. Maybe he'd keep today's too, but I hoped not. I hoped I'd bring them home, wearing them, catching any cum of his that leaked out after he'd fed me what freely flowed out.

My work morning was dull beyond words. In my profession I regularly served and helped people and while I enjoyed doing so, it was a distraction from where I wanted to focus: on my blossoming sexuality. Even as I performed my duties, I thought about being naked again, on that hotel bed, spread, wet, taken, used, filled. I thought about the feeling and taste of his swollen cockhead on my tongue and how delicious his precum was. I thought about his cock spitting cum all over my face... where had THAT come from? But I loved the thought. By 12:00 when I was leaving work for the day, to meet Frank for lunch and enjoy him all afternoon, my thong was saturated again.

When I pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant, I saw him waiting for me. I had thought he'd be waiting inside like he had the day before, but I certainly wasn't disappointed. I took it as a sign that he was as eager to see me and be with me as I was with him. I locked my car as I got out knowing I wouldn't be back to it for several hours and walked over to him with a big smile on my face. His smile was just as big. He smelled just as good. We came together in an embrace and our mouths met in a crushing, passion filled kiss. It lasted for a minute... and then two. I felt his hands on my back and ass, caressing, squeezing. I felt the breeze from the wind as he pulled the back of my dress up, grabbing my naked butt cheeks with both hands. I puIled away from him in protest when I realized that ANYONE walking by could see my exposed ass, but he held me tight, crushed the kiss harder onto my mouth and kept my ass available for the world to see.

He broke the kiss and released my dress and his grip on my butt all at the same time, but he didn't back away very far. With his face only an inch or so from mine he smiled and said, "You really need to stop pretending that you don't want me to do anything I want to do and that you don't love everything I make you do."

"Arrogant much?" I asked him with a mischievous grin.

"Honest much?" he shot back. Neither of us said anything for a moment and then he chuckled, smacked me on my ass - not hard, but enough for me to feel that slight sting - and then he took my hand and led me into the restaurant. We sat in the same booth that we had the day before and he sat beside me just as he had. I wondered if he'd have his hand in my pussy before lunch was over again today and silently hoped that he would. I wondered what his reaction would be when he felt my smooth-shaven lips.

We had the same server too; the one who had seen Frank finger me to orgasm. He took our drink and food order and disappeared. Frank turned to me while we waited for our drinks. "So, how was your evening? Did you talk to Scott?"

"Yes," I answered. "We talk every evening while he's on travel."

"Any issues talking to him after the afternoon we enjoyed?"

I thought about that for a moment before answering honestly. "Not so much. I had, and have, moments of feeling guilty for cheating but they are way more than offset by the needs and desires I have and the fact that I no longer am willing to ignore them."

"Were you touching yourself while you talked to him?" he asked.

Almost ashamed of myself but glossed with a feeling of pride, I answered, "Yes."

"Was there anything at all even remotely sexual in your conversation with him?"

"In the conversation, no," I answered. "But in what I was doing while I talked to him, yes. I think I masturbated most of the evening... but not to orgasm. Just touching myself; feeling different; thinking about what we did; what you did to me; what you made me do..." My voice trailed away.

"Let's get something in the open," he said very seriously. "When you say, 'what I made you do,' you need to understand that I'm not forcing you in any way you can't resist. I make it easy for you to pretend you have no responsibility and I certainly push you to do everything I know I'll enjoy and I'm pretty sure you'll enjoy, but you have the power to say 'no' anytime you want, and I'll respect that."

I didn't like thinking about that. I didn't want any of the responsibility for what I'd done the day before. I enjoyed the mental excuse that he MADE my do those things. I quickly decided it was a matter of semantics and I didn't want to argue it, so I simply replied, "I understand." I had no intention of ever telling him 'no' and I fervently hoped that even if I did, he'd ignore me and push me to do... whatever. I got off on being used like a fuck toy and fuck toys can't say no.

Frank interrupted my thoughts. "I think you have an admirer," he said, looking across the room at another table. I looked where he was looking, and my stomach dropped. Sitting by himself in a booth was a young handsome man about the same age as my youngest son, Erik. Actually, I knew the young man was exactly the same age. They'd been in the same grade. It was Sean, a schoolmate of Erik's. Now Sean was in college and had grown up quite well. At just over six feet tall and with a swimmer's lean muscular body, his boyish cuteness had turned into a man's good looks. He was staring at me.

From the look on my face, Frank guessed I knew the young fellow, but he still asked. "Someone you know?"

I looked down at the table. "His name is Sean. He's a friend of my son, Erik's."

"You look like that's a problem?" Frank asked.

"Maybe," I said. "What if he tells someone, like my son or Scott, that he saw me having lunch with some man? I could have big problems."

The server brought our drinks just then, interrupting our conversation and reassuring us that our food would be out shortly.

"I thought you wanted Scott to know?" Frank said. "I thought you wanted him to know and accept you living this lifestyle? The lifestyle of a hotwife who enjoys all the other men she wants? I thought you wanted to be a fuck toy for other men and have Scott not only accept it but become a sub cuckold to you."

I looked at Frank, meeting his eyes. "When I'M ready, I want him to know. Not when I get caught having an affair by one of my son's friends."

"Well, I guess we'd better make sure he has reason not to tell anyone then, eh?" Frank asked. Before I could say anything, Frank was out of the booth and walking over to where the young man was sitting. Approaching the table, Frank extended his hand to Sean. "Hi there, Sean, right? Melissa said she knows you."

"Yeah," Sean replied, hesitantly taking Frank's hand and shaking it. "I've known Mrs. Summers my whole life."

Releasing Sean's hand Frank said, "Yes, she told me as much. Said you grew up with her youngest son, Erik. That's why I said I felt bad that you were eating alone. Why don't you come join us?"

"I'm not sure I should," Sean said, looking very uncertain.

"Nonsense," said Frank with a smile. "Come on. Lunch is on me, and we'd enjoy your company." Apparently not wanting to argue further, Sean agreed and followed Frank back to the table where I was waiting, trying not to have a worried look on my face. Before Sean sat down, I stood and hugged him, greeting him warmly while silently hoping he could be convinced not to say anything to anyone about seeing me with Frank. After all, it was a workday for me, and my family all thought I was "at the office" until at least four or five o'clock. "Hi, Sean" I said with the hug and a smile.

"Hi, Mrs. S," he replied with a smile of his own. He had to bend over to hug me given that he was almost a foot taller than I was. In the process he glanced down the front of my dress, not really seeing much but exposed skin. Still, to a young man barely twenty years old, I could imagine the hot flash it sent through him. The thought made me wet. We all sat back down with Sean across from Frank and I.

I wasn't sure where this was going to go, but I was hoping, in the darkest recesses of my mind, that Frank was somehow going to manipulate this situation so Sean would be using me too. I was disappointed, as our conversation focused on everyday topics, that nothing remotely sexual seemed to be talked about. There were no innuendos, no sex talk of any kind. In my mind I was thinking about the day before and how much I'd enjoyed being fucked and used, forced to gag on Frank's cock... so much pleasure and fun.

Frank's voice brought me back out of my revery. "Melissa..." he said sharply, "Sean asked you a question."

"I'm sorry," I replied. "I was thinking about a problem we had earlier at work. What was it you asked, Sean?"

With a somewhat uncomfortable grin on his face he said, "I asked if you still had the small blue bikini that you used to wear when we'd all be at your place for the pool parties."

Bikini? Pool parties? How'd we get to that topic? I guess I should have been paying attention more. That blue bikini... I remembered it well. I still had it. It didn't cover very much and that's why I had enjoyed wearing it. It showed off my body very well and I caught more than one man, both my husband's age and younger, staring at me when I wore it. Smiling at Sean I said, "Yes, I do... and I still wear it often."

"I bet that inspired many a fantasy, eh, Sean?" Frank asked with a grin.

"Well, I'm kind of ashamed to admit it," Sean said, looking down at his food shyly, "But Mrs. S and that bikini was the topic of many fantasy conversations we had."

"We?" I asked. "Who is we?"

Realizing he might have said something or given something away unintentionally, he looked back down at his food. But he also knew he had to give me an answer. "We..." he said. "Um... all of us." He looked up and met my gaze. "Every friend of Erik and Todd who ever saw you in that bikini had fantasies about you."

"That makes me feel good" I said. "I never realized all you young men were thinking like that. I kinda like it."

"Kinda?" Frank interjected. "Admit it, you enjoy fantasizing about those young men as much as they enjoy fantasizing about you." Talk about being put on the spot... but he knew he was right. Could I admit that in front of Sean? Yes... I absolutely could. I embraced the naughty reality of it and was honest.

"I absolutely enjoy the idea of it. It's a compliment to a middle-aged mom that men that young, barely legal, think about me and fantasize about me, and what woman doesn't fantasize about pleasures with more than one hot young man?"

Frank reached under the table and caressed my leg. Sean watched as he did so. Without a thought I spread my legs so Frank's hand could travel up my thigh to my pussy, which is exactly what he did. Glancing at me and then smiling at Sean, as Frank caressed my dripping cunt through my thin thong he said, "Damn... your pussy sure is wet thinking about it. Your panties are drenched."

I know I blushed... Sean just sat looking at me. The shock was apparent on his face, but the feverish desire was just as obvious there. I spread my legs farther and moaned as Frank's fingers pushed the material aside felt my smooth pussy lips. "Very nice," he said to me and then he pushed two fingers into me. He squished them in and out a couple times and then pulled them out, holding them up in front of us to show Sean. "Look at that," Frank said. "Her pussy is dripping." And then he put his fingers to my mouth and with a mix of shame and hunger, knowing that Sean was watching every move, I opened my mouth, sucking in Frank's fingers, licking and cleaning them of my juice.

"Oh my god," Sean said hoarsely.

"What's wrong?" asked Frank.

"Nothing," said Sean. "I'm so fuckin' hard right now."

Frank chuckled. "Well, that's a good thing. Do you have anywhere you have to go anytime soon?"

"No," Sean answered quickly.

"Good," said Frank with a grin. "Then when we finish eating you can spend the afternoon with us." Then he turned to me and said, "So that Sean can understand exactly what he's getting into, take off your thong and give it to him."

I balked. Take off my thong? Here? Give it to Sean? My pussy gushed even more at the idea. Without a word I pulled the bottom part of my dress up around my hips under the table, hooked my fingers in the thin string of the thong and wiggled them down, lifting my ass off the seat as I did so. I tried to hand them to Frank under the table, but he said, "No... just hand them across."

Feeling like the entire restaurant was watching, I reached over the table and held out my pussy-juice-soaked thong for Sean. He took it with a look of amazement on his face. "Wow," he said as he held them, "they really are wet." I'm not sure he was thinking when he pressed the sodden material to his nose and inhaled deeply.

"She smells delicious, doesn't she?" Frank asked Sean. Sean nodded. "She tastes just as good as she smells," Frank said. Sean looked at him. "But you'll find that out for yourself in a bit," Frank said. Sean's face grew hot as he blushed, but I could only imagine how hard his young cock was at that moment. He started to hold my thong back out to me, but Frank stopped him. "No, those are yours now. A souvenir of the afternoon."

In my head I was screaming. When are we going to stop talking and go fuck!? I could feel my pussy throbbing and my nipples were so hard they were easily visible through the dress material and the lining. I wanted both of them to take me upstairs and do... well... anything and everything two men can do to a woman. I was so needy I wanted to reach down and masturbate right there. I wanted an orgasm so bad... and my pussy needed to be fucked deep.

Frank must have read my mind as he glanced over and said, "If you can't relax and enjoy the rest of lunch, play with yourself. In fact, do that anyway. Show Sean here how easily you can make yourself cum." The look of amazement never left Sean's face as I reached between my legs and put my hands on myself. Two fingers fucking into my wetness while I made circles on my clit with my other hand... it didn't take two minutes for my head to fall back, my eyes to close and my orgasm to roll through me. I'm sure a low moan escaped me even though I was trying to be quiet. Of course, that's when the server approached the table and asked if we needed anything else.

"Don't you dare stop," I heard Frank say to me before he answered the server. "No, thank you. I think we just need the check."

"Yes, sir," replied the server but I didn't hear him walk away immediately. I knew he was standing there watching me. I could just imagine the smirk on Frank's face. I didn't stop. It didn't take long before all three men were watching me make myself cum again. That reality made my orgasm more intense, and I didn't even try to be quiet. The moans and grunts of pleasure that escaped me were obvious to anyone at the nearby tables."Okay, that's enough for now," Frank said, and I was disappointed. I wanted to keep going. I wanted more. When I opened my eyes, I saw fire in Sean's. With the kind of desire only a hormonally raging man in his early twenties can feel, he was looking at me differently. I was no longer his friend's mom and a target of fantasy. I was a female animal in need, within reach, and he had been assured he was going to be able to take me. He would soon learn just how badly I wanted that.

The server returned with the check, Frank filled it out and we were ready to go. To Sean he said, "We're just walking to the hotel next door where I have a room. Control your actions until we're in the elevator over there, okay?" Sean nodded his understanding and we all got up. I felt the breeze on my now naked cunt as we walked. It felt delicious. I could feel my juices smearing the tops of my thighs and I could almost feel my clitoris buzzing as we walked. Frank held my hand and exchanged small talk with Sean for the short walk. Sean was nearly incapable of saying anything and I knew it wouldn't take long for me to make him cum the first time. The thought of it set my desires blazing anew. The reality of it was... beyond words. I was between two men and both of them were going to fuck me; of that, I was sure. I knew I'd suck Frank's cock again and then pondered Sean as I thought about sucking his cock as well. He was so young. I wondered about his experience. I wondered about the size of his equipment. I wondered about his recovery time. I wondered about condoms. God, I hoped no one said anything about that. I didn't want to deal with that... that inconvenience. I wanted the cum of both men any way and anywhere they wanted to give it to me. But what if I got pregnant?!?

And then we were in the elevator and the doors were closing. Frank had positioned us so he was behind me, and Sean was to one side. As the elevator doors were closing Frank reached down and pulled up the bottom of my dress to my waist, exposing my pussy to anyone who could see, and then the doors closed. Sean made no pretense of not looking. "Wow," he said. "I didn't expect you to be shaved smooth."

Frank agreed. "Yesterday she was just carefully trimmed so she must have just shaved this morning." He paused and then added, "You're in for a treat. Her pussy is delicious and eating a shaven cunt is a delight." I felt both debased and totally desired as the two men talked about me like that. They weren't discussing me as a person. They were discussing me as a sex object; a female animal to be enjoyed and used; one that was fun and tasty to do so with. I felt proud except for the small nag in the back of my head that reminded me of Scott and my sons. I pushed the nag aside. Fuck that guilt. I was going to focus on all the pleasure I could give or take, and I knew that if I hesitated, Frank was going to push me; guide me to enjoy things I didn't have the courage to enjoy of my own volition.

When the elevator dinged for Frank's floor and the doors began to open, I started to step away and out. Frank held me in place. "Not yet," he said to me. To Sean he said, "Hold the door open button for a second." Sean looked confused but found the button on the panel and pushed it, holding it in. Behind me Frank unzipped my dress, and I felt the shoulders get loose. He pushed them forward and the dress would have fallen to my waist if I wasn't holding my arms against my sides. Frank fixed that and pulled my arms up, out of the dress, apart, over my head. My dress did fall to my waist then, baring my chest for Sean's view... and anyone else who walked by. My pussy drooled again. Frank didn't stop there. He pushed my dress down over my waist, letting it fall and pool around my ankles. I was naked except for my shoes.

"Take Sean's hand and lead him to my room," Frank ordered me. Part of me raged against the idea of it and part of me thrilled at the thought of being caught or seen walking naked through the hotel. Sean was smiling but the look in his eyes was like that of a cheetah stalking a gazelle. I put my hand out, Sean took it, and we stepped out of the elevator. Frank picked up my dress and followed us. He followed us down the hallway to his room door and we stood as Frank unlocked it.

Once we were in the room and the door fell closed behind us, Sean pushed me up against the wall and started kissing me as his hands explored everywhere he could touch. I realized that he'd contained his young desires for about as long as he could, and my hands found his hard cock through the material of his pants. What I felt assured me I wouldn't be disappointed. Frank's voice interrupted us.

"Bring her farther into the room, Sean," he said. "You'll get everything you want but let's not rush into it and have things be over too quick."

Sean broke our kiss and led me into the room, to the foot of the bed, by my hand. Frank stepped over and met us there, reaching out to caress my neck and then up the back of my head... and then he had a fistful of my hair again. I felt the pull of it on the back of my head as he twisted his hand ever so slightly, the process turning my face to his. My hands had gone back to Sean's crotch, and I was stroking his cock through the thin material even as Frank kissed me. His tongue played with mine and I knew he was tasting his level of control. He broke our kiss, his eyes met mine and he said, "On your knees," even as he pushed me down via the control he had of my head. I obeyed instantly... hungrily. I knew that being on my knees meant I was going to get a cock shoved into my mouth and I could hardly wait. Not only was my pussy drooling but my mouth was watering.

On my knees, I was turned so my face was crotch-level with Sean. "Get his cock out," Frank ordered me. To Sean he said, "You might wanna lose your shirt and shoes." As I worked at Sean's belt, button and zipper, he took off his shirt and kicked out of his shoes. I put my hands in his waistband at his hips and pulled down his pants and underwear at the same time. His hard cock literally hit me in the face as it sprang free from confinement, and I gasped. Frank's cock was bigger than Scotts and Sean's was even bigger than Frank's. It was at least eight inches long and when I wrapped my hands around it, my fingers didn't reach to touch. He was so hard his cock was throbbing in time with his heartbeat and the veins stood out along his shaft. The head of it was bigger around than his shaft and he was so hard the little hole at the end was stretched open, almost flowing precum.

I started to lean forward to suck his cock into my mouth. I was hungry for it. Frank stopped me, at least briefly, with his handful of my hair. "Oh, no... not yet, kitten," he said to me. He turned my head so our eyes met. He wanted to see my understanding. "You're not just going to suck his cock," Frank said. "You're going to suck his cock and he's going to fuck your mouth and you're going to open your throat for him. You're not going to stop until he cums and when he does it's going straight to your belly." He looked at me and saw the hesitation mixed with doubt in my eyes. Deepthroat this cock? I barely could avoid gagging the day before when I sucked Frank's cock and Sean's was longer... bigger around. How in the hell was I supposed to do that? The look on Frank's face held no doubt of my ability to do so though... or was it a lack of concern for my comfort as I was forced to do so?

"Do you understand?" he asked me, tightening his grip on my hair to emphasize the point that my answer had BETTER be 'yes.' I tried to nod but he wasn't having it. "No," he said. "Answer me out loud. Sean needs to know that this is what you want; what you crave; that he's doing you a favor giving you his cock and his cum."

"Yes," I said through the discomfort of my hair being pulled. The hunger in me was taking over as my sensibilities shed away. "Yes," I said again. "I will suck his cock... let him fuck my mouth... deepthroat him and do all I can to make sure he's buried in my throat when he cums into my belly."

Frank bent over and gave me a soft kiss with a smile. "Very good," he said and then he used the handful of hair to shove my face over to Sean's dripping length. I barely got my mouth open in time as Frank kept pushing, forcing Sean's cock across my tongue and banging the head of it on the back of my throat with strength. I gagged. Frank didn't stop pushing. I gagged again and breathed in and out hard as I tried to get air in before being pushed further. Frank pushed more and then Sean's hands grabbed either side of my head, pulling my face onto his cock.

Frank let go of my hair and I was able to back off far enough to get a few breathes, playing my tongue back and forth on the underside of Sean's hot manhood and tasting all of the sweet precum he was producing. I realized that his cock WAS actually very hot on my tongue and was in awe of that. Suddenly I wanted very much to have this cock fucking my throat. I wanted it to fuck my pussy. Hell, this monster of a cock could have my ass if that's what Sean wanted. Like with the flick of a switch I suddenly stopped being a wife... a mom... a doctor... I was just a female animal wanting... no, NEEDING these male animals to take me and use me however they wanted - as long as I got their cum before they stopped.

I realized that Frank was stepping away and visualized the scene in my head from his perspective. I was naked, on my knees, with my hands on Sean's hips to steady myself. Sean was standing, towering above me, naked and harder than I thought a cock could get. He was holding my head in his hands and as I began sucking up and down the length of his delicious dick, he began moving his hips. Together we very quickly built a rhythm where he was fucking my mouth, with his cockhead banging into the back of my throat with every thrust. I gagged, but neither of us stopped. He thrust several more times and I gagged again. Neither of us stopped.

Frank was back next to us again and I had some vague awareness that he was now naked. "Give me her head," he said to Sean, and I felt Sean's hands leave my head. Frank's hand was back, knotted in my hair again. He took control of the pace Sean had fucking my mouth and then he pulled me off Sean's cock completely, turned my head to face him and pulled me in. I kept my mouth open and Frank's cock slid in, banging into the back of my throat just as Sean's had, but not quite filling my mouth the same way. "That's it," Frank said. "Embrace being a cumslut." He paused and concentrated on grinding his cockhead at the back of my throat and I realized he was pushing to try to get me to open my throat for him. I gagged. He yanked my head off his cock by my hair.

Bending over he put his face to mine. "You need to stop pretending," he said with an angry look on his face. "You need to stop pretending you aren't capable of this. You need to stop pretending it's not what you want. Realize what you are and admit what you want. Stop holding back. You're not a married mother of two right now. You're a fucking cumslut, naked in a hotel room with two men, neither of which is her husband. Your cheating married cunt is going to get fucked," he said, and I moaned at his words. "But not until you've earned it," he finished. "Now work for it. Relax your throat. Enjoy, for the first time in your life, the control you have over two cocks and embrace the reality that they are both going to fuck your mouth, switching off however we want, and all you really want is to get the cum out of them." I moaned again. His words seared me. He was absolutely right. All I wanted was to feel those cocks throb and the realization that I'd had two different cocks in my mouth within a minute of each other... I truly was becoming the cumslut I wanted to be.

I nodded as best I could while Frank still had ahold of my hair. He stood back up and pushed my mouth back onto his length. I opened my mouth wide, kept my tongue along the underside of his shaft, wiggling it back and forth as he went and tried to open my throat for him as his cockhead got there. I gagged and he started to pull away, but I forced my head toward him, keeping his cock at the entrance of my throat. I shook my head back and forth even as I kept pushing my mouth onto him... gagged again... swallowed and pushed... and felt my throat begin to open. I gagged... shook my head some more and kept pushing and then it happened. I felt my throat open and relax, and suddenly my nose was pushed right up against Frank's pubis. I could feel the swollen knob of his cockhead in my throat and throbbing. He moaned... but he was no longer pushing my head down on his manhood - I was. I held it there, moving my head just barely back and forth, moving his length in my throat maybe a half inch at a time. He moaned again.

Then he pulled me off his cock and I breathed. My nostrils flared as I smelled his precum and tasted it on my tongue. He pushed me back down and there was no hesitation this time: his cock went into my mouth and straight into my throat that opened for him. Holding my hair, he stroked his cock back and forth like my mouth was a pussy - just fucking the hot wet hole. And then he pulled me off and pushed me over to Sean who had started stroking his own meat while he watched Frank turn my throat into another open fuck hole.

Sean grabbed my face again and I opened wide for his even thicker meat. Frank released my hair and stepped back, once again watching as Sean used my mouth. It was harder to get Sean's cock into my throat but by the same process I was able to pretty quickly. I felt the additional thickness and length in my throat as Sean thrust into my mouth, pulling on my head with his hands. I helped as best I could, timing my breaths so I didn't hesitate or pull away as he face-fucked me. In the background I was vaguely aware of a noise I couldn't identify... and then it came to me: Frank was taking pictures.

The moment of panic surged through me, and I tried to push off Sean's cock. He didn't let me, and I heard the repeated sound of a camera clicking; of pictures being taken; of Frank creating visual proof of my infidelity and sluttiness. Part of me screamed that I had to stop him; to tell him that I never agreed to pictures; that he had to delete them. A louder voice inside me screamed that I couldn't stop sucking Sean's cock; that I needed his cream and that was the most important thing in my existence at that moment.

The louder voice easily won, and Sean kept fucking my mouth and throat as Frank captured image after image. As I started to sweat, forcing my face up and down on Sean's delicious cock, I realized that his breathing and motions had changed. My young lover was getting close to orgasm. The reality caused a new hunger to surge through me and I increased the base of my motions on his length. I breathed less and sucked/fucked more.

And then he pulled my head down on his length, holding me firm against him, his cockhead swelling in my throat and causing my body to react. I tried to gag but there was no room for the necessary muscles to work. My throat was stretched full of the end of his cock and the swollen hard crown... and then a growl escaped Sean as his cock began jerking and pulsing in my throat. I realized that his cum was being jetted straight to my belly; I wasn't going to get to swallow any of it - or taste any of it. And then my vision began to blur as oxygen deprivation set in. I had been too long with a breath as Sean's cock had filled my throat and now fed me his hot cream. My vision got darker, and I felt myself beginning to slump. Sean must have realized what was going on because he yanked his cock out of my throat. Breath surged into my body as I breathed deep, exhaled and breathed deep again. I had sat down on my heels and looked up at Sean's now softening length, seeing a pearl of cum on the end that he'd somehow not ejaculated down my throat. I moved up and licked it off, sucking his cockhead into my mouth, making sure there was no cum left in his shaft from his orgasm. I heard Frank still taking pictures.

When I was satisfied that I'd gotten all of Sean's cream out of him, I sat back down on my heels and caught my breath. I looked up at Frank who looked pleased, and then I looked at Frank's cock and realized it was just as hard as Sean's had been a few minutes before. "Your turn?" I asked with a grin and a bit of smart-ass in my voice.

"Not hardly," replied Frank with a grin of his own, grabbing me by my hair again. He really enjoyed controlling me that way and I understood why: Unless I was willing to accept a lot of pain, there was no argument. I went where he directed. I did what he moved me to. I had bared my soul to him and told him what I really wanted, and he knew exactly how to motivate me to do what I wouldn't have the courage to do alone.

He pulled me to my feet and pushed me onto the bed... face down, ass up. I felt him get on the bed behind me and he pulled my hips up as he pushed his cock forward. There was no prelude and thank god his aim was good as his cock slid into my needy cunt. In a single stroke he was balls deep and grinding his cockhead against my cervix again. It was a very naughty version of heaven.

Frank didn't take his time warming me up or going slow and building him... he just started fucking me. With every forward thrust of his hips, his hands pulled me back just as hard. I could feel his balls battering my clit with every thrust of his length into me. I reached a hand down and rubbed circles around my clit as he fucked me, reaching orgasm very quickly. I heard him moan as my pussy clenched around him and felt a hard smack on my ass accompanied by, "Very good, kitten." He kept fucking me... hard.

And then his pace slowed. I remembered that Sean was there. The young man I'd seen grow into adulthood and whose cum I had just taken without even having to swallow. The owner of the second cock I deepthroated... he was there, watching me be a total cumslut, taking a hard pounding fuck from a man who was not my husband. Frank kept stroking slowly and I heard him say, "Hand me my phone," followed a few minutes later by, "Thanks." He pulled his cock almost all the way out of me and I heard the clicking noise of a photo being taken. And then he slid all the way back in and there was another click. "Do me a favor?" I heard him say. "Take a few from different angles."

"Sure," Sean replied and then Frank was pounding his cock in and out of me again. I stopped thinking about everything as my body and mind centered around the delicious sensation of male meat pounding in and out of my pussy; my married cheating cunt as Frank had called it the day before and I was coming to think of it. I came again before Frank slowed and I heard him say, "Thanks," again. Then he directed Sean to get on the bed in front of me. "Lay down and feed her your cock while I fuck her," he said. I nearly came again visualizing the reality of what I was about to do. For the first time in my life I was going to be 'spit-roasted,' taking a cock in my pussy and my mouth at the same time.

Sean's cock was half hard again as he positioned himself in front of me. Frank kept a slow pace until I had Sean's growing cock in my mouth and then he started that hard pounding fuck motion again. With every hard thrust of his length into me my mouth was pushed down on Sean's manhood. God bless young men. Sean's cock was fully erect within just a minute or two and ready for more. Frank kept pounding me. I dropped my head onto Sean's length and realized that if I relaxed my throat just right, every time Frank thrust into me it pushed Sean into my throat. When Frank pulled out I could raise my head enough to breath... and then I was full at both ends again. It felt so deliciously... sinfully... good.And then Frank's cock was gone, and my body screamed, "NO!" He hadn't cum. My pussy wasn't full of hot cream. I wasn't ready for him to stop fucking me yet. "Get on his cock," I heard Frank say and felt a sense of relief. Use of my pussy wasn't over yet. Sean's cock was standing proud right in front of my eyes, and I very quickly moved to straddle it. Guidance was barely necessary as I lined my pussy up over his cockhead and lowered my weight. I thought I'd take his cock in a single motion, but I forgot he was a bit longer than Frank. He banged against my cervix and my body stopped... and there was still another inch of his dick to get in. I couldn't stand the thought of not having ALL of that cock inside me and started working to get it. I rotated my hips around, bounced up and down and did all I could to stretch my pussy that extra inch. Sean helped by putting his hands on my hips and almost constantly pulled my pussy down onto him. It took us a few minutes but pretty quickly my pussy stretched enough, and I was grinding his cock into me, as they say, "balls deep." I was vaguely aware of the on-going camera clicking noises, but they stopped and I heard Frank say, "Good girl. Now ride that cock until you get another load out of it."

I was happy to. That was exactly what I wanted. Sean pawed my chest, pulling and pinching my nipples as I rode my pussy up and down and all around on his stiff shaft. In my mind all I could imagine was his cockhead right up against my cervix as he unleashed another hot thick load of sperm-laden cream. Would Frank cum in me too? Would I get twice fertilized? The thought scared hell out of me... and made my pussy gush anew. Just the thought of both men using me and cumming in me pushed me over the edge to yet another orgasm. I had lost track of how many I'd enjoyed so far.

And then a new sensation exploded in my brain: there was a hot, wet slickness on my asshole. I didn't realize what it was until I felt Frank's fingers massaging my rosebud, gradually opening my backdoor. The mixed voices in me screamed again. "No! Yes!" I had never had a cock in my ass, and this wasn't how I imagined ever losing the virginity of that particular taboo orifice. For all my fear and trepidation, as Sean's cock continued to fill my married cunt, Frank's fingers steadily opened my ass, and my body welcomed it. I felt myself pushing back against his fingers, helping him to violate my ass. He had started with one but now had two... and I came again... and by the time my orgasm had passed I realized Frank was finger-fucking my ass with three fingers.

As I came down from my orgasm, I felt weight shifting and realized Frank was getting behind me on his knees; he was mounting me. With Sean's cock buried fully inside me, I felt Frank's cockhead press against my rosebud and then very slowly begin to push against me. The push was slowly building, and my body stretched to welcome him. I held myself in place to keep Sean's cock completely buried in my pussy as I felt Frank's cock pushing harder and harder and harder against my sphincter... and then there was a slight popping feeling, and his cock was in me. I realized that the "pop" was my sphincter closing around the swollen knob of Frank's cockhead and then I was fuller than I could ever imagine being. Frank gradually pushed his length into me even as Sean stayed fully penetrating my pussy. The two men ground into me, and I imagined the sight of two cocks filling me.

They began fucking me in unison and I know Sean felt my pussy get tighter as Frank thrust with him. Back and forth my pussy and ass emptied and then filled, emptied and then filled. It was so entirely taboo. It was so dirty. I felt so slutty... and it was awesome. Somewhere in the background of my next orgasm I heard Sean's breathing change and became aware that he was going to cum again. I couldn't control myself. I wanted it. I wanted it so bad. There was nothing I wanted in that moment more than to feel Sean release all of his seed into me. "Yes," I hissed down at him. "Do it. Cum in me. Bury it deep and cum in my cunt!"

Another grunt, groan, growl escaped him, and I felt him pull my hips down so his cock was completely buried within me. Frank kept fucking my ass even as Sean's manhood pulsed and throbbed, giving me that hot sperm just as Frank had the day before: directly against and into my cervix. His cock jumped and spat a half dozen times or more and Frank never stopped fucking me.

Sean's cock started to soften inside me after his orgasm was complete, but Frank was still holding my hips, pounding his cock into my now relaxed ass. He had taken my last vestige of ladylike existence. In this one afternoon I'd learned to deepthroat and taken a load of cum straight to my belly. I had just had one of my son's best friends cum deep in my cunt. And now I was getting ready to take my first load of cum ever into my ass. I couldn't have been more sinfully happy.

When Frank's orgasm arrived, I knew it from the way the strength of his motions changed. The steady back and forth turned into harder, rougher, jerking slams of penetration followed by slow withdrawals. The same feeling came over me as had with Sean's orgasm and I began cheering Frank on. "Yes!" I almost screamed. "Cum in my ass! Fill it with your seed!"

A few moments later he did exactly that. With Sean's softening cock still plugging my pussy, Frank buried his cock full length into my ass and held it there as he came. I could feel the heat of his cum as he released it into me and I heard Sean moan, I assume because he could feel Frank's cock jumping against his through the thin membrane separating the two. Frank jerked and slammed with every pulse of his orgasm until it had passed, and he too had begun to soften. Before he pulled out, he said, "Don't move for a minute," and I nodded my understanding.

He was off the bed and then back, pulling my hips up so that Sean's cock fell out of me. It felt lewd to be ass up, knees spread wide, knowing full well that both my ass and pussy were dripping cum. I heard the camera clicking noise and knew what Frank was doing: he was taking pictures of my freshly fucked holes. Then he said, "Okay," and I rolled to my left, laying down on the bed beside Sean and looking up at Frank. The look on my face must have been one of complete heaven as I lay there thinking about the fact that there were three loads of cum somewhere in my body - and the fact that I wanted more.

Frank told Sean to go ahead and get cleaned up and without a word, Sean went into the bathroom, closing the door and I heard the shower start. Frank laid down beside me and told me to spread my legs for him. I did so without hesitation. Propped on one elbow, he looked at me as his fingers trailed through the slimy folds of my swollen cunt. "After Sean is gone," he said, "we'll shower, and I'll recover, and I'll give you one more load in this needy pussy of yours before you go home." I was still catching my breath and could only nod my understanding. He got up and left me there to relax when Sean came out of the bathroom. It was funny that he had a towel wrapped around his waist, as if he was hiding his equipment. He dropped the towel to get dressed and I laid with my eyes closed as I heard Frank ask Sean for his cell phone number. Sean gave it to him and then I heard Frank say, "Thanks. I'll send all those pictures and videos to you in a little bit."

I didn't waste my time trying to say anything or object. I knew it would be useless and truth be told it excited me to know that Sean would be walking around with those pictures and videos on his phone. How often would he masturbate while looking at the pictures and video? Who would he show them to? How many of my sons' friends would see pictures of me sucking cock and being fucked like a wanton slut? Would my sons see them? What would Todd and Erik think if they saw their mother like that? Then it occurred to me that when Sean had said that 'they all' fantasized about me, he may have been including my sons in that statement. Had they? Did my own sons think about their mother that way?

The thoughts made my pussy throb, and I was thankful Frank wasn't done with me yet. Frank escorted Sean to the door and said he'd be in touch. He had another couple days left in town and he (Frank) might invite Sean back for another round. Sean said he'd love to and would make sure he was available. Then, as he went out the door he said, "Thanks, Mrs. S. I'll tell Erik that I ran into you, and you said hi."After Sean was gone, while Frank was in the shower, I laid back and spread my legs comfortably. Frank had told me to come join him in the shower in five or ten minutes and I found myself doing as I was told. A small voice in the back of my head said I shouldn't be here... that I shouldn't be doing any of this... and certainly that I shouldn't just do as I was told by a man I'd only met (in person) the day before. That voice was easily drowned out by the throbbing I felt in my abdomen, flowing up from my well-fucked pussy. I reminded myself, as I delved my fingers into my sex to stir and scoop up Sean's cum, bringing the delicious sticky mess to my mouth so I could suck my fingers clean, that Frank had taught me my pussy was no longer such. When I was with Scott, my husband, it was a "pussy," but when I was with Frank, or any other man (or men?) from now on, it was a cheating cunt. Relishing the thought, I finger-fucked myself more, scooping out some of Sean's cum and feeding myself until I couldn't get anymore out of my hot hole. With a naughty thought I realized that I could feel stickiness between my butt cheeks too and realized Frank's cum might be running out of my backdoor. I reached farther between my legs and scooped up what was there, bringing it to my mouth and sucking my fingers clean... licking them and making sure I got every drop. It felt like such a dirty thing to do, it made me feel like a complete slut and I loved that feeling. I had been craving it for months and Frank was helping me discover all the aspects of it.

"Melissa?" Frank's voice called from the shower. "Come join me."

I was probably a bit more eager than I should have been as I got out of the bed and hurried to the bathroom, opening the shower door and stepping in with him. He was covered in soapy lather and the steam was thick inside the shower enclosure. I moved closer to him, putting my arms around his waist and looking up at him for direction. He smiled down at me and we kissed. It was almost soft and loving at first, but that only lasted a moment. Soon the kiss became what I expected: Frank crushed his mouth onto mine, his tongue reaching into my mouth, seeking mine, swirling with it, controlling the kiss. My breath accelerated and my heart rate increased as he grabbed my ass in both hands and pulled my body hard against his. My nipples were still erect and I could feel them moving in the lather-matted hair of his upper abdomen.

I felt one of his hands leave my ass and move up my back, caressing my skin even as it held me hard against him, up my spine, to my neck and up into my hair. I knew what was coming and moaned when his fingers knotted in the hair at the back of my head, securing me in a grip I had come to love. He used that handful of my hair as a handle to guide me and control me and, even now, that pull on my hair made my pussy juice. He used that handle to pull my face from his, breaking our kiss and looking me in the eye. "Rinse me," he commanded. "Make sure you're satisfied with my cleanliness and then get on your knees. I want to feel your mouth and throat."

I almost mewled at the thought of doing what he said. I stepped away only far enough to examine his body, turning him in the water as necessary to make sure all the lather was sluiced from his skin. I caressed him as the skin was exposed, lather free, making sure the soap was indeed all gone and feeling what I'd come to enjoy so much. His chest and abs were covered in down-soft hair that was dark with only bits of gray here and there. I let my hands travel down his abs to his manhood, finding him semi-erect and soap free. I reached farther to caress and massage his balls, hearing him moan, and reaching farther to make sure all the soap was gone from between his legs. Releasing my hold on his cock, knowing I was going to enjoy it more before long, I turned him and made sure there was no soap on his back, his butt cheeks or between them. Since he had just finished fucking my back door, I assumed there was no shyness involved with his and caressed my fingers across him there, making sure there was no soap - and I was rewarded by a soft moan for my efforts.

Turning him again, I looked up at him with my hands on his hips and said, "I think you're soap free."

He smiled down at me and said, "Excellent," once again reaching for that hair-handle he liked on the back of my head and pushing down to put me on my knees. He didn't have to push hard because that's where I wanted to be: on my knees, my mouth and throat pleasuring his cock, being used like the cum hungry slut I learned to be with him.

Properly positioned on my knees before him, I opened my mouth, stuck out my tongue, and welcomed the warmth of his cockhead onto it. He was quickly growing from semi-erect to fully erect and I realized how much I enjoyed the feeling of a cock growing in my mouth. With one of my hands on his hip to steady myself, I caressed and massaged his balls with my other hand, opening my mouth and throat as best I could to suck and lick his length as he held my head and thrust back and forth, fucking my mouth.

I heard him moan with pleasure as I relaxed myself, feeling his cockhead press past the confines of my mouth, stretching my throat. Together we pushed that swollen knob farther, grinding it in as if he was grinding his cock into my pussy. His hand on the back of my head pulled me harder as his hips pushed forward, and even as my body rebelled, seeking air as I gagged and convulsed, I pulled him in with both my hands on his hips. Even as my vision started to blacken at the edges from lack of oxygen, I pushed my face harder and farther onto his length. I wanted him to know I was his to use as he saw fit.

I felt the pull on the back of my head as he lifted me away from his cock and my lungs expanded with air as I breathed deeply... and then he forced me back down, his cock going straight into my throat and blocking my airway again. I gagged around his length, my nostrils flaring with the need to breath in and out and ignored both as I pushed my mouth harder onto him, displaying my willingness and desire to simply be his fuck toy.

He pulled me off again and held me away, turning my face up to his, looking me in the eye. I felt his hand pulling me up to my feet and even as I stood up I reached for his now steely hard manhood. He turned me, forcing my back against the shower wall, kissing me again as his hands reached down and around, below my hips, cupping my ass. I put my hands around his neck, surrendering to whatever it was that he wanted.

I was surprised when he lifted me but I spread my legs wide, opening the invitation to him to use my pussy some more; in truth, begging him to give me some more fucking. He didn't disappoint, lifting me as I held onto his neck, my spread legs going around his waist, and his hands lowering me slowly as his cock bobbed with the beat of his heart beneath my slick open sex. I felt the swollen knob of his length at my entrance and moaned. He lowered me slowly, almost frustratingly so, until the crown of his manhood had just penetrated me... and then he dropped me onto his cock. Practically my whole bodyweight forced itself down, pushing my pussy onto his cock, caught between his body and the shower wall, stopping when I was hanging on his hard length like it was a clothes hook and I was a garment hung on it.

I don't think it was possible for him to achieve any deeper penetration, but I would have welcomed it if he could. I wanted to give him all of me and make sure he wasn't disappointed in any way. With my legs wrapped around his waist and my ankles locked behind his back I did what I could to help him as he lifted and dropped me, thrusting his hips in counterpoint, fucking me hard and deep against the shower wall. His lips met mine in another crushing kiss as he expressed his hunger through his lips and tongue. His cock stabbed into me over and over again and my only regret was that there was only one man using me. My pussy was full and in ecstasy as his shaft stretched me, his length flowing precum into me, my pussy hungry to feel him cum again.

Even as Frank jackhammered me against the shower wall, pummeling my pussy (to my delight), I realized that I wanted to feel him releasing his cum into me again. I had felt it yesterday and even in my ass early this afternoon. The realization was that I had never felt my husband cum into me. Obviously he had; we had two sons. But I had never FELT it. I knew Scott was cumming when his facial expressions, moans and groans and body language said so, not because I could actually feel his cum being fired into me or his cock pulsing as he did. When Frank came into me I could feel every inch of his cock as he spasmed and pulsed. I could feel the hot liquid searing of his cum as it flooded out of him and against my cervix, scalding my vaginal walls. I realized that I wanted to feel that again... and again and again.

He didn't disappoint me and I hoped I didn't disappoint him. His pace and movements changed and I could feel that he was keeping his cock deeper in me, moving less than an inch at a time, keeping his cockhead fully buried in my cunt. His moans changed and I felt the grip he had on my ass get tighter. I knew what was coming.

"Yes," I hissed in his ear. "Cum in me. I need it. Fuck my cunt full." Thoughts of my wimp husband filled my head as I felt Frank's cock swell and begin that wonderful pulsing that lead to the spasms that led to... gahhhhhh... that delicious feeling of his hot cum jetting into me; shot after shot of his thick hot load splattering into me... and I could feel that heat spreading. I envisioned his sperm spreading into me, seeking to fertilize me. The idea that this illicit rendezvous might result in me being pregnant only enflamed me more. I wanted another load of cum inside me... another in addition to his... more... and more. In my mind I saw myself spread on a bed with a line of men waiting their turn to fill my cheating cunt with their potent ejaculate. I came on his length as that thought danced in my mind, my vaginal muscles contracting around his spitting manhood, milking out every drop of his load.

When our mutual climax had passed, he very carefully lifted me, allowing his softening cock to fall out of my pussy and then setting me down gently so I didn't slip as I stood on the wet shower floor. Without a thought I reached between my legs, cupping my hand to catch his cum as it flowed out of me, bringing it to my lips and giving him a show as I licked and sucked his cum off my palm. He smiled as he watched and said, "That's a good girl. Don't let it go to waste." Happy to have made him proud, I repeated the process until I could get no more of his cum out of myself.

I realized it wasn't just pure sex when I felt him move me into the shower of hot water and begin to lather me up. "You're such a good little kitten," he said as he cleaned me. "It's only right that I make sure you're appreciated."

"Thank you," I whispered. This was a part of him I hadn't seen. As he washed my body, I thought back over my experiences with him and so much of what he'd shared in our email conversations, and I realized that while he would push me to be the ultimate cum slut, treating me like a fuck toy to be used, he'd also always expressed his responsibility to make sure his toy was taken care of; treated with appreciation; not abused.

When I was clean he directed me to clean him and we dried off together. I got dressed at the same time he did and he walked me back to my car. At my car he pulled me into a strong embrace, kissing me passionately, as if tasting my soul. When the kiss broke he said, "Tomorrow is my last day here on this trip." He saw the look of disappointment on my face and quickly continued. "But I'll be back in four days." I brightened at the knowledge that he'd be back. "So," he said, "tomorrow I'll see you for lunch again. Right here... at noon this time. Understood?"

"Yes," I nodded and smiled, reaching up to kiss him again. "I look forward to it."

"Me too," he said and gave me a final kiss. As I drove away, I wondered what he would do new or different the next day.

My drive home was uneventful and as I pulled into our driveway, I saw that Sean's car was there. I felt a moment of panic knowing that he had pictures and video from the afternoon on his phone. The part of me that panicked fought with the part of me that reveled in the naughty nature of that reality. Ultimately, I realized there was nothing I could do about it, or whatever he chose to do, so I'd have to deal with whatever came my way.

Going in through the kitchen door I listened to the house and realized the Sean and both my sons, Todd (the older) and Erick were all in the basement. It sounded like they were playing video games. With Scott on travel for another few weeks, my sons were the only other house occupants I needed to worry about, and even then, only occasionally. At the open door to the basement I called down, "I'm home, boys!" and then decided to get myself a glass of wine while I put dinner together. As I was opening the bottle I heard steps coming up from the basement and heard Sean's voice.

"Hello again," he said with a hint of smirk in his tone. "It's good to see you... dressed."

Part of me was angry. How dare this little (he wasn't little at all) snot speak to me like this in my kitchen! What if my sons overhead him? Another part of me was enjoying the fresh memories of sucking and fucking him and then I realized he had his phone in his hand. I hadn't said anything as he moved closer and held out his phone so I could see the screen. It was silently playing a video and in that video you could clearly see me taking his cock into my mouth and throat. "But I'd rather see you like this again," he said. My pussy gushed and I wondered how soon it would happen. Whether or not I'd let this young man use me again wasn't a question. The only real question was when.

"Not here," I said defensively. "The boys might hear."

"You don't need to worry about that," Sean said with a grin. "I'll keep your secret... for now." I cringed slightly at the 'for now' part but let it pass as I considered the reality of being able to enjoy him again in the near future. Sean leaned a little closer, and his hand reached out to rub my pussy through my clothing as he said, "Frank already told me what time to be at the hotel tomorrow. I'm looking forward to enjoying you in every way."

I wondered what 'in every way' meant and then decided I really didn't care. Doing my best to not feel panicked and reminded myself that I needed to act normally while I was home. Still, no one else was around at the moment so I leaned toward him and humped my pussy toward the pressure of his hand. "I look forward to it too," I said, looking him in the eye with a naughty grin on my face.

He smiled big and turned toward the basement stairs, putting his phone in his pocket. At the top of the basement stairs, before he started down, he turned his head to look at me over his shoulder and added, "And I'm bringing friends." He smirked, turned and went back to his friends, my sons, and their video games. As he went back down the stairs I turned to putting dinner together, my mind full of the next day's possibilities. When dinner was ready I let the boys know and Sean left as Erik started putting out dishes. Todd poured drinks for he and his brother and refreshed my glass of wine. Life was normal for the evening... except for the fact that I could still feel how used my pussy was and my sons' guest had been responsible for depositing two loads of cum into me earlier that day. I could feel myself smearing on the seat as I thought about what the next day might hold. Sean and... friends?

Later that evening when my husband Scott called he could easily tell that I was distracted. While I was talking to him my fingers were once again in my now constantly horny pussy and my mind was replaying two days of being used and pleasured. I was imagining what would happen the next day. I could barely contain my moans as I fingered myself and listened to Scott's mundane talk about his training day.

His sharp tone snapped me back to the call. "Melissa! Are you even listening to me? What's going on there?"

"Noth... nothing," I stammered out. "I guess I just let my mind wander a little bit."

"Based on the noises you were making," he said, "I'd have sworn you were either masturbating or had a friend over between your legs."

I snorted. "Yeah," I replied, "like that would happen." I had never masturbated in front of him so as far as I knew, he didn't know how often I played with myself. And surely he didn't think I'd actually cheat on him? I mean... yes, I had but he had no way of knowing that.

"What?" he asked. "You wouldn't masturbate? Or play with someone else?"

"Either one," I replied, but I didn't stop stirring my fingers in my wetness.

"I'm not sure I believe you," he said quietly. His voice sounded like he didn't want to say it but was trying to be honest. It struck me hard enough emotionally that I actually stopped playing with myself and concentrated on the call.

"Why would you say that?" I asked him.

He took a moment to gather his thoughts before replying. "Well," he said, "being away has made me aware of missing you and that focus has made me realize how much intimacy we don't have." He paused before continuing. "I guess I just kind of assumed that you might be relieving any desires you have through masturbation..." He paused and I heard him sigh. "And I guess it wouldn't surprise me much if you were relieving those needs with someone else."

I took in what he said, absorbing his meaning and his tone. He didn't sound like it would be the end of the world if I was playing with someone else. How to ask him that without sounding too eager for it? Or admitting that it had already happened?

"Your tone is kind of scaring me," I said as my opening.

"Why?" he asked.

"Because you don't sound like it would be the end of the world, or our marriage, if I was relieving those needs with someone else," I said. And before he could say anything I quickly continued with, "But you're not wrong about the lack of sex in our relationship and yes, my needs being untended to."

There was a long pause on his end so I filled the void. "And I have lied to you," I said. "I am laying here masturbating because I'm horny out of my mind." I held my breath as I waited for his response.

I heard a big sigh from him before he said anything, but while I was waiting I put my fingers back in my pussy. It was still warm and throbbing and seemed to have been, non-stop, since the first time Frank touched it the day before. Finally, Scott spoke. "If we're confessing things here," he said, "then I have one too." There was another long pause but I didn't want to say anything for fear of making him change his mind about whatever it was he was about to say. "I guess I've been assuming that you've been tending to your own needs and while I've been away I have wondered if you were having an affair." There was another pause and his voice was full of shame when he continued. "And at some point the idea of you having an affair... excited me."

"What!?" I nearly shouted into the phone. If I hadn't been so close to orgasm at that point I'd have probably stopped playing with myself just out of shock. But I was SO close and this conversation was helping it. "You think I've been fucking someone else and the idea of that turns you on?"He paused and his voice was still full of shame when he replied. "Well... I mean... I've got some needs too and mine haven't necessarily been taken care of at home either. So when I have to relieve myself, I used to think about us having sex... but somewhere along the way it became me watching you have sex."

I made my voice seem caring although my orgasm was nearly on me and I was having a hard time breathing normally. I didn't slow down at all, plunging three fingers in and out of my wetness, rubbing my clit with my palm on ever stroke into my depths. "So you like the idea of me having sex with another man?" I asked. "That's nothing to be ashamed of," I said quickly. "It's probably a pretty common fantasy." My orgasm was RIGHT there on the edge.

He sighed again but his voice was stronger, I guess because I hadn't condemned him for what he'd said. "Man... men..." he said. "My favorite masturbation fantasy now is watching you fuck, seeing you enjoy it and watching you have orgasm after orgasm as whoever it is gives you what I haven't been."

I came at that point and didn't hold back. My moans and groans of pleasure were obvious to him as he listened to me cum. I almost dropped the phone as my head fell back and my eyes closed involuntarily, the climax crashing through my entire being as my pussy clenched at my penetrating fingers. He was completely silent as he listened, not speaking until my breathing had almost returned to normal, but I hadn't stopped fingering myself at all.

"That sounded like a pretty good orgasm," he said, and I'd have sworn I heard a smile on his face.

"It was a pretty good one," I confirmed, a smile on my own face. "But not the best one I'm going to have tonight." I felt naughty saying that to him. He had never watched me masturbate, nor I him, and here I was essentially having a variation of phone sex with my husband.

"Oh?" he asked. The smile on his face was obvious now in his tone.

"And you should join me," I said, embracing my naughty side. "Get your cock out and start stroking." I felt like a slut; even more of a slut than I did while I'd been spit-roasted by Frank and Sean earlier that afternoon. I had never said the word 'cock' to my husband and here I was demanding he stroke his while I continued to finger myself. "Get your cock out and get yourself a good orgasm while I share a little fantasy of my own then."

"Okay," he said and I heard some rustling. I realized it was him taking his pants off when his voice came back. "I have my penis in my hand and I'm pretty hard."

"No," I said, taking control of him. "Call it a cock. Stroke your cock for me."

"Mmmm," I heard him moan slightly. "Okay, love... my COCK is in my hand and I'm hard and stroking."

I renewed the energy of my fingers fucking my cunt as I talked to him. "Is your cock leaking yet?" I asked. I didn't give him a chance to answer. "I bet it is. That precum is so delicious," I said. "So slick and smeary... and tasty. You should try it," I said. He didn't say anything so I pushed the issue. "Do it," I told him. "If you're stroking your cock, then there's precum on your hand... probably on your fingers. Taste them. Lick yourself off your fingers."

"Um..." he hesitated.

"Do it now," I said forcefully, "or I'll hang up and you won't hear how good I cum again."

I heard movement and sounds on his end of the call. I realized it was the sound of him licking his fingers. I was almost surprised when he said, "You're right... it's kind of sweet."

I giggled. "It is, isn't it? From now on you will never let it go to waste. You'll lick up any extra you produce when you're masturbating. Do you understand?"

"Yes," he replied, and I could hear his voice getting tight.

"Are you close to cumming already?" I asked him.

"Yes," he replied hesitantly.

"Oh, no," I said. "You are NOT to cum until I do. Do you understand?"

"Yes," he replied.

"Now listen to me carefully," I said as I continued finger-fucking my cunt. "I'm laying here completely naked with my legs spread wide. This morning I shaved my pussy and I've got three fingers in it now." I heard a moan from his end. "Don't you dare cum yet," I said. I heard something like an acknowledgement from him so I kept going. "This afternoon I took time off work and went to a hotel." He moaned again. "I spent the afternoon with two men, both of whom are hung better than you." I heard another moan from him as my orgasm grew closer again. "I sucked both of their cocks like a hungry slut and had to learn to deepthroat them since their cocks were so long."

"I am so close," he said, sounding desperate for his orgasm.

"Then slow your strokes," I ordered. "If you cum before I do, it'll be months before you see my pussy again."

"Okay," he said, sounding defeated. I realized he was completely compliant and willing to do what I ordered. It was a delicious feeling.

"When they were done taking turns in my throat," I continued, "they both fucked me.. bare. I rode them and took them doggy style and before they were done with me I had one in my pussy while the other fucked my ass." I heard Scott gasp on the other end of the line and his moans made it clear that he was cumming. It turned me on in a huge way, but it was even more exciting because he had also just given me a reason to punish him by denying him sex for however long I decided.

"Oh, no," I said as he stroked himself through the orgasm, "did my baby just cum without permission?" I paused while his climax completed and then said, "For shame. Oh, well. I guess you just won't get any of this delicious pussy for a while." I held the phone down near my sex and let him listen to the squishy sound my fingers made as I plunged them in and out of my wetness. "If you behave yourself when you get home, I'll let you watch the next time I enjoy my playmates. Would you like that?"

There was a pause as he recovered his breathing. "Yes," he finally said, "But this is all just fantasy right?"

"Eat your cum off your hand," I ordered him, ignoring his question. I could tell he was hesitant because he didn't say anything. I pushed the issue. "Do it," I said in a firm voice. "Let me hear you sucking your fingers clean." There was more silence... and then I heard what sounded like him doing as he was told. "That's it," I said. "Suck and lick all that cum off your hand and tell me how it tastes."

After some more slurping noises he said, "It's not as sweet as my precum, but I guess it's not as bad as I expected."

"Very good," I said in an approving tone. "From now on you'll always eat your cum. Do you understand?" He didn't answer me immediately so I raised my voice some. "Do you understand?"

"Yes," he said, with that sound of shame back in his voice.

"Oh, it's nothing to be ashamed of," I said in a softer tone. "You'll enjoy eating your cum from me," I said, "and think how much more pussy you'll get if I know you're always making your own reward."

"I guess," he said. Now his voice was full of hesitation and shame. I realized that I didn't care. I was enjoying this control over him and I very much looked forward to exercising that control in person. It was time to end this call so I could focus on pleasuring myself some more but I had to leave him with something.

"As to your question about whether or not this is all just fantasy..." I said.

He said, "Yes?" and I'd have sworn his voice sounded hopeful.

"Is it?" I asked him and then hung up the phone. My next orgasm crashed through me then as I pictured him sitting obediently in a chair in the corner of a hotel room watching Frank and Sean and whoever else they brought along fucking me and using me like a common cum slut. It made the thought only more exciting that Scott would have to watch one of our son's friends fuck me and fill me with his potent load. When they were done with me, as long as Frank said it was okay, I'd make Scott eat all the cum out of me... off of me... wherever they deposited it, and I realized that was the only thought more exciting than having those men use me however they saw fit.The next morning, I was wide awake before the alarm clock ever went off. Though I never slept in the nude when Scott was home, I had slept naked, falling asleep with my fingers toying in my wetness and waking up from a dream about being spit-roasted that left me horny again... or rather still. I resisted the temptation to finger myself to orgasm, consciously making the decision to let my desires build until I was with Frank and Sean and whoever else Sean was bringing later that afternoon.

As I got into the shower my stomach felt like it was full of butterflies. I was nervous and scared about who Sean was bringing, all too aware that he might just have been teasing me. Part of me hoped so... and a deeper part of me desperately hoped not. Frank was doing exactly what I'd hoped he would do when I first emailed him: He was guiding me down a path of experience toward total open sluttiness. It was a path I didn't have the courage to travel on my own, but I was loathe to tell him 'no' and he was taking full advantage of that. I would say he 'forced' me into all of the wonderful sexual experiences I had enjoyed, but in my heart, I knew the truth: I could say no and put a stop to everything at any time. Truth be told, I didn't want to stop and even when circumstances scared hell out of me, I wanted more; I wanted dirtier; I wanted sluttier. I reveled in being a pure sexual animal who took everything and served on demand. I would be just bratty enough that Frank would have to manhandle me... "force" me... control me and push me to be obedient to his commands. Being honest about it with myself, he was pushing me to be what I wanted to be; I just needed some false denial in my own head.

Before getting out of the shower I made sure to shave my pussy smooth again and rubbed lotion onto it up after I was dry. Scott had never seen me with a shaven pussy, and I was looking forward to seeing his reaction when he got home. It would be in the same moment when I told him that he was never getting my pussy again unless it was after I'd been fucked by another man. I had decided, and hoped I had the courage to follow through on it, that the only sex Scott would ever get from me again would be reclaim sex... which I felt I owed him as my husband. On the other hand, I thought, wasn't it a kind of sex that I'd be letting him eat the cum of my other playmates after they were done with me? Idly I thought about the stories I'd read wherein the husband is a total cuckold and only allowed to touch his wife to either prepare her for another man or to clean her up after another man had been with her. The idea excited me, but I wasn't sure I could emasculate Scott to quite that degree. I was sure I couldn't put his cock in a cage, but I was even more sure that I wanted him to be submissive to me just as I was submissive to the men who would use me. All those thoughts made my pussy buttery and I had to get dressed before I succumbed to the need for more orgasms right then.

Realizing that people in my office might be starting to wonder about my mode of dress, which was far less conservative than normal the past couple days, I put on a pair of blue boy shorts and very professional looking blue dress slacks over them. My bra was the same color blue as the underwear and the beige blouse I put on didn't show any cleavage - just skin. The morning at work was as frustrating as the last two had been but the time finally came for me to leave, and I checked out as fast as I could. By noon I was in the parking lot at the restaurant and there was Frank, waiting for me just as he had the day before.

I got out and immediately embraced him, hugging him tightly as our tongues swirled into our first kiss of the day. I was vaguely aware of the possibility that someone who knew me might see me kissing this man who wasn't my husband, but the experiences of the past two days had pushed such thoughts far into the back recesses of my mind. Scott's admission on our call the night before made me almost hope that someone did video me kissing Frank and send it to Scott. If he was being honest, it would turn him on to see me doing it. I tried to push that thought aside so my focus was on all of the new experiences and pleasures I could enjoy, and the memories of those Frank had already guided me through.

Hand in hand we walked into the restaurant and to what I now came to think of as 'our booth.' When we were seated, Frank next to me as he had been each of the two previous days, I had the courage to ask about Sean. "Last night Sean was at the house hanging out with my sons," I said. "He mentioned being here again this afternoon. Was he just BSing me?"

"No," said Frank, with a smile on his face. "He's just not joining us for lunch. He'll see us up in the room when we get there."

Part of me wanted to ask what we were waiting for, but I didn't want to appear that eager. Frank saw through my façade with ease. "Patience, sweet Melissa," he said. "You'll get all you want and more when we get up to the room, but I want us to enjoy our lunch for now."

I nodded my understanding.

We had a different server, which kind of disappointed me since the previous server had seen me orgasming right there in the booth the two days before. The new server was attentive though and we had our drinks and meals in short order. Frank kept the conversation mundane as we discussed everything but sex, or at least that how it seemed to me. We talked about Scott and how much longer he'd be gone and what was going to happen when he got home. I told him about my conversation with my husband the evening before and he listened attentively, taking in the information quietly - but I knew he was processing it and building it into whatever plans he might have.

Throughout our conversation, anytime Frank didn't need his right hand to eat or drink, it was on my thigh, caressing through the thin layer of pants fabric. I desperately wanted him to run his hand up the inside of my leg and push into my pussy, but he never got very close. He rubbed and touched on the top of my thigh, down to the inside near my knee, back up the inside but then around to the top as I sat there, well before he got too close to my sex. It was only building my frustration to near intolerable levels. I found myself wishing I'd worn a dress again with no panties so he could finger me at the table. Recognizing my need I wondered what I had become? What kind of wife and mother wants a man to finger her to orgasm in a public restaurant? 'My kind' I answered myself, making sure I brought my focus back to the conversation even as my pussy throbbed with the need to be stimulated.

Frank knew of my desire to cuck Scott and he was equally aware of my fear that Scott would react in completely the opposite fashion, divorcing me if he ever found out about my cheating ways along with my new slut persona. Through the emails and conversations we'd had, Frank seemed to come to the conclusion that the best way for Scott to be cuckolded would be for him to become aware of my sluttiness and hungers in such a way that the more acceptable choice of reaction was to embrace it and willingly choose a cuckold's life. I wondered at Frank's thoughts but didn't dare ask. So far, he'd managed to do everything I'd hoped for and pushed me into doing things I never thought I would but had desperately wanted to. I didn't see where I had a choice but to trust him in this unless I was willing to just walk away, back to my totally boring vanilla sex life. Given my conversation with Scott the night before, it seemed obvious that I would be able to cuck Scott and I was sure Frank would help me do so. How he'd do that was the question.

When we were done and the bill was paid, without Frank so much as touching me beyond the frustrating caresses of my thigh, we left the restaurant to go next door to his hotel room. We held hands like young lovers and whether anyone would see us never even crossed my mind. Into the elevator we went and up to his floor. During the short ride up, he reached into my hair for his favorite handle - a tight fist full of hair on the back of my head, pulling just enough to make sure I couldn't resist without causing myself pain - and turned me to him in a kiss. It was one of his kisses I loved and thrilled at: the crushing, tongue-searching, dominating, taste-my-soul kind of kiss that left me breathless and dripping down my thighs. The elevator dinged and the kiss was gone. His handful of hair on the back of my head wasn't though.

He held that firm grip as he guided me down the hall toward his room but he stopped me at the door before opening it. Releasing his hair-handle he turned to me and pulled a black cloth out of his pocket. I realized it was a blindfold and started to balk but the look on his face made it clear that would be unacceptable. I WAS going to put on that blindfold, or more precisely, allow him to put it on me. I pulled my hair back so it wasn't in the way and I wondered how he'd use his favorite hold on me if the blindfold was on. I realized that wasn't my worry as I was his to control, direct and use. I had faith I'd love every minute of whatever he had planned for me.

I felt a thrill of fear coarse through me as I accepted this new circumstance. I stood still with my hands at my sides as Frank tied the blindfold on, double checking the positioning and making sure it wasn't uncomfortably tight. "If, at any time," he said, "you can see over or under it, even the slightest amount, you're to tell me so we can fix it. This afternoon you'll enjoy all pleasures without benefit of your sight, forced to focus on what you feel, hear, smell and taste. Do you understand?"

I nodded my head in response and felt a hard slap on my ass. I jumped and said, "Yes, sir!" out loud.

"Better," Frank said, and I could hear the smile in his voice. "Every question you're asked this afternoon, you will answer out loud."

"Yes, sir," I said again as I heard him unlock and open his hotel door. Music greeted my ears, drifting out and I thought I heard a couple voices as well. Frank led me into the room by the hand.

The room got quiet and then I heard Sean's voice say, "There she is. Didn't I tell you? She's beautiful, built and willing." I heard someone else say, "Fuck yeah," and I thought I heard another person, "Mm, hm," but I might have imagined it. The 'fuck yeah' voice sounded vaguely familiar, but I couldn't quite place it.

Frank let go of my hand as he said, "Sean, why don't you get her undressed while I take care of the cameras." That small voice in the back of my head panicked momentarily at the word 'cameras' but I silenced it quickly. Frank already had pictures of me involved in a variety of sexual acts from sucking both he and Sean to fucking them both in a variety of positions. In many of those pictures, especially those of me sucking his cock (or Sean's) I knew my face was in plain view and I was readily recognizable. I knew he had given at least some of the pictures and video to Sean, so what difference did a camera make at this point?

"My pleasure," I heard Sean reply and then I felt someone behind me, reaching around to cup and caress my chest through my blouse. I could feel a hard cock pressing against my back and realized that Sean (I assumed) was already naked as his fingers found and tweaked my nipples through my blouse and bra.

I felt Sean's hands move to the buttons and start to unbutton my blouse when Frank said, "No... just rip her clothes off her."

"What?!" I gasped out in response. Rip my clothes off? What would I wear out of here? I didn't get a chance to think anymore as I quickly discovered how Frank would control me, even with the blindfold on. His handful of hair was on top of my head instead of the back and another hand almost slammed around my throat, big enough to wrap two-thirds of the way around my neck. What I had started to say was cut off, as was my air and, the medical doctor in me recognized, the blood flow to my brain. If this condition remained for very long, I'd soon pass out... and I didn't care. The immediate harsh control of my head and throat made me moan and I'm certain Frank heard it.

"You are not here to speak an objection," Frank said to me. His tone made it very clear that he'd brook no argument. "You are here to enjoy serving every sexual need any man in the room expresses and to relish the pleasures we bring every part of your body along the way. Beyond that, you have no purpose or right of refusal. Do you understand?" I tried to nod against the hold he had on me, and he felt the attempt. The hand on my throat released its grip and I felt everything returning to 'normal' as air and blood began moving again. I wasn't sure if I was happy about that or if I wanted the grip and denial back. God that made me hot... to be treated like a fuck toy... a cum dump... a series of warm wet holes to be used as these men saw fit. And I realized I didn't know how many men... and I didn't care.

When Frank's hold on me was gone I felt Sean's hands return to the front of my blouse again and then the yank as the cloth tightened across my shoulders and back as he ripped the blouse open. The motion and sudden exposure caused me to gasp but it was one of pleasure. My body was reacting to this treatment, and I realized that Frank had known what he was doing... again. I heard a clicking sound and Frank said, "Hold her still so I can cut that fucking bra off her." Sean's hands held my shoulders firmly while I felt a tug in the front center of my bra... and then the release as it was cut. Hands moved to my waist, but they weren't Sean's because he was still holding my shoulders. Hands moved inside the center front of my pants and more yanking... apart... away... the button popped and the zipper tore. My pants were pulled down my thighs. "Hold her still," Frank said again. "I don't want to hurt her." I felt the grip on my shoulders tighten as a hand pulled one side of my panties away from my hip. There was a tug... and then my panties were falling away on that side. The motion was repeated on the other side, and I realized my panties were now a single strip of cloth hanging between my thighs. Not for long... they were pulled from me. Frank had apparently grabbed the material and pulled it... and pushed it up to my nose. "It's a shame you can't see how wet these are," he said softly. "You're obviously in a high state of need, huh?"

"Yes, sir," I said meekly. I desperately needed some kind of sexual stimulation. Anything.

I felt Frank push the panty material against my nose. "Breathe deep," he said. I did. "Don't you smell delicious?" he asked.

"Yes, sir," I replied.

"Open your mouth," he said. I did. He pushed the wet material of my panties into my mouth. "Suck on that a moment," he ordered. I did. "Doesn't that taste delicious?" he asked. I nodded. "I'm glad you like it, kitten," he said, and I felt his hand caress my cheek and down my neck and across my breast. He pinched the erect nipple and pulled on it slightly as he continued. "Because you're going to taste your cunt off of every cock here before we're done with you." I could only nod again. Could he see the desperation in that motion? I could hardly wait.

The panty material was pulled back out of my mouth and Frank said, "Okay... put her on her knees on the floor at the foot of the bed. You three sit on the end and let her suck your cocks." Three?! Sean had brought two friends with him? I was both nervous and excited all at once but the slipperiness growing in my pussy assured me that I was going to enjoy every minute of whatever was about to happen. I felt what was left of my pants pushed down my legs and I stepped out of them as Sean guided me a couple feet over, I assumed toward the bed, and then pushed me to my knees. I felt him move around me to sit on the edge of the bed and then there were other hands taking mine, pulling my hands out away from my body, reaching to either side of Sean who was directly in front of me. I ended up with a hard cock in either hand, and Sean pulling my face into his hardness.

In my head I pictured the scene and felt the thrill tremble through my body. I saw a naked, married, horny woman on her knees in a hotel room. In front of her were three men, two of whom she had no clue who they were. One was getting ready to face fuck her and she was stroking the cocks of the other two. A different man was taking pictures or recording video and not one of those men was her husband. The image caused my pussy to tingle, my nipples to grow harder than they already were and my mouth to water. Vaguely I was aware that there was no build up... no foreplay... I was just roughly stripped and put on my knees. Then I thought to myself, what did I expect? Sluts don't get seduced... they get used and pleasured. That's all I was to these men: a slut... a fuck toy... and I relished that reality.

I opened my mouth and felt Sean guide my head to his cock. He was already fully erect as I felt and tasted his precum on my tongue, my head being shoved down his length until I was gagging. Like so many young men, he had no patience, but I didn't care. He wanted his cock in my throat. I wanted it too. In that moment, having been nervous about what the afternoon might hold... in that moment my concerns drifted away. I let my body go to do whatever it wanted or was driven to. I bobbed my head up and down on Sean's young hard cock, working it in and doing all I could to get my throat relaxed open like it had been the day before. As I did that, I stroked the other cocks, one in each hand, absentmindedly measuring them and not being disappointed at all.

Then I felt something so familiar and connected with these sex sessions that it made my pussy gush: Frank's hand tangling into hair, grabbing a handful on top and using it as a handle again. He pushed my head down onto Sean's cock, forcing the stiff meat into my throat and pushing harder to grind my mouth down on it. I gagged. My body convulsed as my lungs demanded air. For the second time in just minutes, I couldn't breathe. Sean's manhood filled my throat and blocked my airway. My eyes started to water. My nostrils flared. I gagged and convulsed again. And then Frank pulled my head up, letting me breathe deeply in and out several times before pushing me back down again. My throat opened immediately to the intrusion of Sean's shaft and, as Frank pushed and pulled on my head, I realized the invading man-meat was simply fucking my throat like it was a pussy. "That's it, my little cheating slut," Frank said. "Take that cock like you were meant to." I moaned around the invading manhood that filled my mouth and throat time and time again. I felt... so utterly wanton and slutty and was addicted to that feeling.

Frank pulled me off and moved me to my left, "Time to suck a new cock," he said. I complied. My mouth was open wide and tongue out as I sucked in the new cock without any idea who it was attached to. It wasn't quite as long as Sean's, but it was a bit thicker. Frank still forced my head down, making me throat-fuck it too. Dimly I realized that this was the third new cock in as many days to invade my throat and I already knew I'd soon feel it in my pussy too. In three days, I had gone from having only ever had sex with two men to having had sex with four, soon to be six. In three days, I had sucked three new cocks, learned to deep-throat and lost my anal virginity while being double-penetrated. Somewhere in the back of my mind I wondered if I was going to get DPd again today. A voice inside my head told me that yes... yes, I was... repeatedly. And I couldn't wait for it. I craved it. I wanted to be used in any way these men found pleasurable. I wanted their cocks and cum in my every orifice.As I sucked that strange cock, it vaguely registered to me that by the time the day was over I'd have fucked twice as many new cocks after getting married as I had up to my wedding night. I was also dimly aware that unless something drastically changed, there was no limit to the number of new cocks I was going to enjoy in the coming months and years. I truly hoped Scott would become my cuckold, as he had implied that he wanted to be, because I knew I wasn't going back to being a faithful wife or one-cock woman ever again.

Frank pulled me off that cock and moved me on my knees to my right... over to the next new cock. I opened wide, tongue out like the good little cum slut I had become. He pushed my head down on this one too, forcing me to take it straight into my throat. It was about the same thickness as Sean's but longer; easily the longest cock I had experienced yet. It had to be at least eight inches, maybe a little more, and I could feel it stretching my throat farther than the others had. Frank used the hair-handle to fuck my face up and down that cock and I heard the man I was throat-fucking moan. It delighted me. It made me so proud. It made me feel empowered. Knowing I could make these young men enjoy such pleasure; knowing that they'd do whatever I asked if it meant they'd get their man-meat wet in any of my hot holes; knowing they'd let go to their animal instincts and fuck me like a mare in heat... my brain was on fire with the excitement of the moment.

Frank released his hold on my hair, and I felt his hands move down my body, across my ass, beneath me. As I sucked on my third cock of the day, knowing there would be a fourth (Frank's), I felt his fingers explore me. He felt my wetness, spread it across my lips and back to my rosebud. I felt two of his fingers push into my wetness, pumping and causing slurpy noises in my dripping cunt. A third finger was pushed in... and then a fourth!? My pussy felt so deliciously stretched as his fingers moved in and out of me, up in as my head went down on the cock in my mouth... out as I came up off the cock to breathe.

Vaguely I was aware of camera clicking noises and the fact that pictures were being taken. I didn't care. I was lost in the give and take of pleasure and couldn't wait to start making these cocks spit the hot cream I enjoyed in me and on me so much. As if he could read my mind Frank ordered me to my feet, helping me up, once again, by a handful of my hair. "New guests first," Frank's voice said. He guided me up onto the bed on my hands and knees. I felt other movement on the bed but obviously didn't know who was where. Someone positioned themselves in front of me. Someone else got behind me. "Open," Frank said simply. and I complied, opening my mouth wide. Just as a cock was pushed across my tongue. I felt hands on my hips and another cock behind me. The swollen knob bounced against my wet pussy lips until the man was properly positioned. He pushed my ass cheeks apart, opening my pussy as well, and then his cock was pushing into me. The fact that it was a cock I'd never had before only made it feel better. He pushed and pulled, penetrated and withdrew, and worked my pussy until his cock was fully inserted, his pubis against my ass cheeks. I could feel his cock throb inside me and reveled in the feeling of being completely filled even as the cock in my mouth pushed into and stretched my throat.

I soon identified, in my mind, the two new guys as "thick" and "long." Thick had decided to take my pussy first while Long was back to enjoying my throat. I moaned as Thick achieved full penetration, his balls banging against my clit while his strong hands pulled my hips back. Long was pushing his cock back into my throat and holding my head down on it, so even as I moaned no sound escaped me. That didn't slow either of them down. They didn't care about me. I was just hot wet holes for them to use and dump their cum in. I desperately wanted to feel that... over and over again. I wanted to have cum running out of me when I went home.

Thick's pace steadily increased as the force of his penetrations did too. Soon he was slam-fucking me so hard I felt every complete penetration in my lungs; as if his cock was forcing the air out of my body with every thrust. Long wasn't getting any more aggressive but was just steadily sliding his cock in and out of my mouth, pushing it into and down my throat on every third or fourth stroke. I felt hands on my chest as my breasts were caressed, each caress ending with that nipple being pinched, pulled and sometimes twisted. The mild edge of discomfort only added to the sensations I was experiencing, and my orgasms didn't take long in building.

The hands left my chest and I heard Frank say, "Okay... flip her over and ya'll trade places." My mind screamed in protest. I was SO close to my orgasm and I knew one would lead to many... but I was in no position to say no. Strong hands moved me as the cocks were removed from my body. I was almost literally flipped onto my back and I spread my legs wide. I vaguely remembered a time when I would have to be convinced to spread my thighs and now here I was... naked, surrounded by four men, spreading my legs high and wide to make sure my pussy and ass were as open as I could get them for use. I realized my mouth was open as well. What had I become?

My open ready holes were quickly filled. As per Frank's suggestion, Thick slid his cock into my mouth at almost the same moment Long pushed into my cunt. It took a minute for Thick's cock to stretch my throat, even as relaxed as it already was. He was patient and persistent though and soon he was throat-fucking me just like Long had moments before. Long's cock slide easily into my stretched and slippery sex but stopped before he'd gotten his full length into me. I felt his cockhead bang against me inside and then the push as he tried to stretch my pussy deeper. I couldn't make a sound of discomfort, even though there was some, because Thick's cock was in my throat. I became aware of a matching discomfort to my pussy being stretched - and that was my need to breathe. Thick didn't let me for a long moment and then he finally did and I mewled out the sound of my mixed pleasure and discomfort. Long was still working his cock into me, pushing for several moments per penetration, gradually working his full shaft into me.

As much as the stretching at both ends caused me discomfort, it also caused me great pride and pleasure. To be able to take whatever was given to me; to fully satisfy both these cocks; it was my entire purpose in that moment. Every time Thick pulled out of my throat I moaned and made my pleasure clear. I moved my body to show Long how much I wanted him to take me. Frank was watching. He saw me and read my intent. "That's my good kitten," he said. "Show them how much you want their cocks and cum." His praise was another stimulus, and I redoubled my efforts. I was pushing and humping my hips up to Long's every thrust. I pushed my head toward Thick every time he moved into my mouth. I had become a slick and wet meat tool to bring them pleasure and drive them to orgasm. The thought made my own orgasm crash over me. My pussy spasmed around Long's thrusting manhood and I almost screamed around Thick's throbbing cock. I didn't want them to stop. I wanted them to cum with me.

I heard Frank's voice close to my ear. "Is this what you wanted?" he asked in a soft whisper.

Thick pulled his cock out of my mouth just long enough for me to hiss out, "Yessssss," and then he was filling my throat again.

"Do you want to know who they are?" Frank asked quietly.

Thick pulled out of my mouth again and I answered carefully. "Only if you permit it."

"Very good, my little cum kitten," Frank said, and I could hear the smile in his voice. I felt his hands move to the blindfold and then it was gone. I kept my eyes closed until he told me to open them. When I did, I looked up into the face of Thick who never stopped fucking my mouth and throat. I was both startled and extremely turned on to see another one of my sons' friends, Jim was attached to this cock. Looking down between my legs I saw that Long was another young man, another friend of my sons... Ray. Both of them were well built and handsome. I looked up at Frank who was smiling over me, his hand pulling and pinching my nipples back and forth.

"Thank you," I said when Jim gave me a chance.

Frank smiled at me and said, "Thank them."

Anytime Jim pulled his cock out of my mouth I looked at him and said, "Thank you," realizing that he was looking down at the mother of two of his friends; the mother whose face was smeared with spit and precum; the mother whose mouth was eagerly sucking his young cock, working to make it give up its cream. Sometimes I looked at Ray and said, "Thank you," most often seeing him looking down at the juncture of our bodies. He was watching his long cock disappear into my married cheating cunt, the white creaminess of my pussy smeared all over his length; my clutching pussy doing all it could to milk his cum out of his balls.

"Sean," Frank said, "Grab that other camera. Make sure you focus on her face when Jim cums on it." It sounded so dirty that I moaned again around Jim's cock. I was aware of Frank moving away and saw him grab a camera. I didn't know if he was taking picture or making video as he moved around the bed, but I honestly didn't care in the moment. I hoped me was making video. I wanted to see myself from the camera's eye. I wanted to see the slut I'd become, being fucked while sucking a big cock, eager to take the cum from both of them however they wanted... or however Frank directed. I came several more times before Jim and Ray got close.

Jim got his first, pulling his cock out of my mouth and stroking it aimed at my face. "Yes," I hissed at him. "Cum for me. Cum ON me." I closed my eyes as I saw that moment of ecstasy for him right before his cock started jetting thick ropes of that delicious hot cream into my face. I felt it land in lines across my cheek, my forehead, my eye (I was glad I closed them) and chin. My open mouth caught some of his shooting cum and I waggled my tongue out trying to catch more as he continued to spurt.

The sight must have set off Ray as his moans turned to deep growling sounds and his strokes into my pussy became harder slams in and hold... and then out to slam in and hold. At the end of one of those slam insertions I felt his cock swell inside me and the hot injection of his seed as he fired it against my cervix. I moved my hips to give him some stimulation as he tried to hold deep and cum. The small movements helped him maintain his peak and my pussy was overflowing before he finished emptying himself into me.

Jim finally stopped stroking his cock but shook it a few times, making the last drops of his sperm land on my cheek and forehead. Then he sat back on his heels and looked at me. I thought about what he was seeing: his friends' mom covered in his cum, licking it off her lips and using her fingers to scoop what he fired on her face into her mouth where she hungrily ate it.

Between my legs, Ray had finally completed his orgasm as well and was slowly pulling his cock out as it softened. "Keep her legs high and wide," Frank ordered as Ray's cock slipped out of me. "Now finger fuck her and use your fingers to scoop your cum out. Feed it to her and she'll eat it off your hand." I looked at Ray and saw the shock on his face. Apparently none of the girls he'd been with would do such a thing. Or maybe he was a virgin? That thought alone caused a huge orgasm to crash through me and I felt his fingers stirring in my creamy cunt as he did what Frank said: scooping out cum and bringing those fingers to my lips. I couldn't focus on his fingers as my orgasm pulsed through me, but my mouth was open and he pushed his fingers in, dragging them across my tongue and teeth, leaving a trail of his cum as he did. His fingers returned to my pussy and he fed me several more times, my orgasm lingering and then finally passing.

By the time he had finished feeding me his cunt-injected cum, I had gotten all I could of Jim's off my face. "Okay, guys," Frank said. "That's it for now but either Sean or I will let you know the next time you can enjoy her."

Jim and Ray both said, "Okay," and then they took turns in the bathroom, cleaning off their cocks I suppose, before dressing and leaving. Them getting dressed reminded me that my clothes had been shredded and I had nothing to wear when it was time to go. I was distracted from that thought by Sean laying down on the bed though, his cock at full staff and pointing at the ceiling. I didn't need to be told what to do as I eagerly moved to straddle him, grabbing his length and lining it up as I sat my weight down onto him. I took his length in a single stroke and ground his cock into me. I delighted in his moan of pleasure and reached up to pinch my own nipples as I began to rock on his manhood.

I looked around for Frank, hoping he was planning on taking my ass again, but at that moment he was seeing Ray and Jim out the door. I kept grinding and riding on Sean. Then Frank was at a video camera I saw for the first time, mounted on a tripod, checking it for whatever... and then he was over at the side table, picking up the tube of lube. "Yes!" my mind screamed, but all I let out was a hungry moan.

Sean pulled me down against his body and started to thrust in and out of me and I felt Frank's fingers smear the cold lube over and into my backdoor. I was so needy for his cock that I willed my ass to open to him, easily taking his two probing fingers and then a third. I wanted him to know that he could take my ass at will and didn't need to worry about my comfort. I wanted him to know that his cum-slut was not only willing and able but eager.

He understood and I felt him get on the bed behind me, his cockhead probing between the cheeks of my ass, nudging against my rosebud. Sean held me down on his cock, making sure he was fully penetrating me as Frank gradually pushed his manhood into my ass. I recognized the feeling this time when my sphincter spread for the swollen crown of Frank's cock and then the relaxation as it closed around his shaft. I felt him stroke shallow for a few strokes, maybe spreading the lube? I thought. Then I felt him lean into me, pushing the full length of his manhood into my backdoor. Even Sean moaned and I guessed he could feel Frank's cock through the thin membrane that separated the two passages.

Together the two men fucked me for the better part of an hour. They changed positions and holes, and we moved in and out of the shower in between positions and who was fucking me where. Frank seemed to have everything choreographed but it also seemed a completely natural progression. Before both men came in my mouth, I had enjoyed their cocks in every orifice. Sean had fucked my ass and throat after giving my pussy a good seeing to. Frank had started in my ass but also fucked my cunt before he throat-fucked me. That's where they were immediately before they came: Sean was fucking my ass, hard and fast, while Frank seemed to be almost leisurely in his strokes into my throat. When Sean indicated he was close, he pulled out of my ass and Frank turned me, pulling his cock out of my mouth, and I opened my mouth to Sean's cock. I didn't want it in my mouth and was almost nauseated at the thought, but he never tried to put it between my lips. He held it over my mouth and stroked himself, reaching his orgasm and cumming a heavy thick load onto my tongue where it slid back to my throat. Before he had even finished spurting, Frank got his orgasm too, adding his load to Sean's in my mouth.

When both men had finished cumming I made sure I didn't have any on my face and swallowed several times. There was a time when I'd thought swallowing was a special treat for my husband, Scott. Now it was a treat for me as I took the cum of any man willing to give it to me. Remembering how things with Scott were evolving, I vaguely thought I'd probably never swallow a load of Scott's cum again. Hell, I'd probably never suck his dick again. I'd permit him to fuck me, but only after another man had fucked me and cum in me. And I'd make Scott lick me clean after he'd cum as well.

I was allowed to lay and relax as Sean got cleaned up and dressed. As he was going out the door I heard Frank say, "So you have everything straight?"

"Yep," said Sean. "I'll keep you informed." I wanted to know what they had planned but I also didn't want to know.

After Sean was gone, Frank took me to the shower again. As he had the day before, he cleansed me and pampered me, showing his appreciation for having such a good cum kitten. I took my turn cleaning him then, making sure I washed everywhere and rinsed him thoroughly. After he was devoid of soap lather, I dropped to my knees and sucked his semi-erect cock between my lips. I moved my tongue back and forth along the underside of his shaft as I fucked my face onto him. His hand moved to my head but before he could give me direction, I popped off his cock and dropped my mouth to his balls, licked them and sucking them into my mouth, swirling my tongue around them in there. Feeling naughty, and proud of it, I released his balls and dropped my head lower, licking the small pad of flesh between his balls and asshole and then swiping my tongue across his backdoor. The surprise made him jump and moan and I think he took delight in seeing that he didn't have to push me for that taboo. I had gone their willingly.

We got out of the shower and dried off and he ordered me to my hands and knees on the bed but at the end of it. I was surprised when he knelt behind me. I thought he was going to take me doggy style. Instead, I felt his hands spread my ass cheeks and his tongue penetrate my rosebud. It was so warm and wet and a big surprise. But it felt so delicious and naughty. I moaned and humped my hips back at him. He trailed his tongue from my ass to my clit, dipping it into my holes as he saw fit. I was already slippery from my own juices and his spit just made me more so. I came again as he licked my clit and he slapped my ass with both hands as I screamed out that orgasm.

When I had finished cumming he stood up behind me and slid his cock into my open and willing cunt. "Thank you," I groaned out. To my way of thinking, I was his. He had opened me and shared me, but I was his. He might have let three other men fuck and use me, but he was taking me last. The fuck wasn't a hard, pounding fuck but was an almost gentle, slow stroking penetration of his full length in and out. As he fucked me, he caressed my ass, delivering a nice slap every now and then; enough that I was sure my ass was glowing red before he was done. He also reached around and under me to caress my clit while he gave me this slow fuck. Since he'd already cum, the intercourse lasted a good long while and I came several times. I couldn't tell you how much time passed before I heard him groan something about getting close and I began to beg him to fill me. I desperately wanted his cum in my cunt, as deep as he could deliver it... and deliver it he did. With his hands pulling my hips forcefully back against him and his cock swelling even deeper than it had been, he began to ejaculate that hot delicious seed into me. I felt the heat. I felt the added slipperiness. I felt the swell and pulsing inside my pussy. He grabbed my shoulder and pulled me back even harder against his length, forcing himself another bit into me. I moaned and felt his cock spit again.

When his orgasm was complete he pulled out of me, directing me to turn over as he did so. Pushing my legs open he pointed at my pussy and said, "Eat that. Don't let it go to waste." I did as I was told, catching and scooping his cum out of my sex, feeding it to myself and relishing both the flavor, which I'd learned to love, and the naughtiness. Vaguely I was aware that the camera was still catching my every move but I didn't care. At this point I was eager for Scott to watch me act like such a slut. The only difference would be that, with Frank's permission, Scott would be eating the cum out of me.After Frank showered, which he did quickly while I ate his cum, he had me shower as well. After I had dried off, wondering what I was going to wear, he gave me one of his dress shirts and told me that it was now mine. When I put it on it was big enough to be a small dress, but it was lightweight... almost silky. If there was the slightest breeze someone might see my bare ass or pussy. The thought excited me.

Frank tended to the cameras and then we left so he could walk me to my car. Along the way he let me know that he had to leave in the morning, but he'd be back in four days. I assured him that I was very eager for his return. We discussed when Scott was coming home, and Frank seemed to have mixed feelings about there still being several weeks left before my husband's return. Then he told me that while he was gone, I needed to be attentive to Sean; that he had something planned for me that weekend. Frank would be gone Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday and apparently Sean had something I was to be involved with going on Saturday evening. Obediently, I said, "Yes, sir," to Frank, keeping my wonderment about what the plan was to myself.

At my car, Frank hugged and kissed me, reaching under his shirt to put a couple fingers into my wet pussy while we kissed. Instead of worrying about who might see, I spread my legs a bit and bowed them further, opening my pussy for him and showing him how much I loved him touching me. He put a third finger in my pussy, plunging them in and out roughly while he kissed me. When he broke our kiss, he fed me my fingers and I sucked them clean without hesitation. Then he kissed me again and told me to drive safe.

I knew we'd exchange messages while he was gone but a small part of my core was in a panic over the fact I wouldn't get to be his cum slut for the next four days. I consoled myself thinking about being Sean's cum slut instead and knew it was an acceptable second option. As I pulled out of the parking lot, I thought about what I was wearing, or lack thereof, and worried about my sons seeing me dressed like this if they were home when I got there. I had a thought and made a call on my cell to a female friend. Brenda was an RN and we'd worked together in the past. She took my call, understood what I needed and met me in the parking lot when I pulled up in front of her work address. She handed me the scrubs I'd asked for and told me I'd have to explain later what had happened. I promised her I would and then parked behind the building to change in the car.

When I got home I found Sean's car in my driveway again. As I got out of my car, I realized that there was a large smear of white pussy cream on the leather seat. I tried to clean it up but there was nothing I could do about the stain. It was going to be a constant reminder of how much my pussy juiced in response to all the sex I was suddenly getting... and needing.

Going in through the kitchen door I hoped that Sean and my sons were in the basement where their gaming systems were. I opened the door quietly and tried to step in just as quietly. It was a waste of my time. Sean, Erik and Todd were all sitting at the kitchen table, looking at me as if they'd been waiting for me to arrive. There was no doubt Sean had planned this as he said, "See? Here she is now."

My sons looked at me, both of them registering the scrubs and the fact that I obviously wasn't wearing a bra under it. Sean looked at me and said, "They were worried because you're normally home from work much earlier than this." It was only then that I really registered the time and that I was about an hour later than my usual time to get home.

"Oh," I said, trying to come up with something quick. "We had an accident at work and the clean up plus some decontamination took up more time than I expected." Gesturing down at the scrubs I added, "That's why I'm dressed like this. My clothes were ruined."

"I bet they were," Sean said with a huge shit-eating grin on his face.

"You okay, mom?" Erik asked.

"I'm as good as can be," I assured him. "Let me go change and I'll get something together for dinner."

"That's okay, mom," said Todd. "We're headed over to the frat house for a meeting and they'll have food there."

"Oh," I said. "Okay. I'll figure out something for myself then. You boys have a good time." There was a time I'd have asked them when they were going to be home but that seemed so long ago. They were men now, even though they were my sons, and such questions weren't appreciated. I knew that. "I guess I'll see you in the morning then."

They were all getting up, apparently having just been waiting for me to arrive before they left. Erik leaned in to give me a peck on the cheek. "We'll try to be quiet when we come in," and then he was out the door.

Todd gave me the same peck on the cheek and added, "And I'll make sure one of us stays sober." I smiled in thanks, and then he was out the door.

Sean grabbed me with one arm around my waist, his hand going down to get a handful of my ass which he squeezed and pulled toward him. He gave me a tongue-filled kiss that took my breath away for a moment. "I'm coming home with them to spend the night," he said after the kiss, and then he too went out the door.

As I prepared myself something to eat I thought about the call I'd have with Scott later. I planned to tell him all about the afternoon under the guise of 'sharing a fantasy' while he stroked himself to another orgasm. I felt my pussy juice again (did it ever stop now?) as I thought about him watching me with Frank, and Sean, and... whomever else. I wanted my husband to see me be an utter cock and cum slut and I wanted him to willingly eat me clean when whoever was done with me. Then I realized that Sean was supposed to have something for me to do Saturday night and I wondered what that was...That evening in preparation for bed I got naked, which was quickly becoming my norm, and grabbed my iPad. I logged into Literotica and found my favorite story category, seeking out a story about a wife or mom that was gangbanged. I began reading and didn't play with my pussy until I felt the slickness build between my lips. Soon enough my fingers were rubbing my clit and I was dipping two and then three fingers into my wet hole. As I read about a slut wife who took on all comers, I visualized myself, as I always did, as the woman in the story. I had brought myself two wonderful orgasms before Scott called. I put down my iPad to answer my phone because I wanted to keep my other hand busy pleasuring myself.

"Hello?" I said.

"Hi, baby," he said. "How's your evening going? How was your day?"

I didn't want to start out immediately talking about sex, but I did want to get to the topic pretty quickly. "The morning was okay," I replied. "I spent quite a bit of time thinking about our conversation last night." The truth was, barely a moment had gone by that I wasn't thinking about his admission that it turned him on to think about me fucking other men.

"Me too," he said. "That little fantasy you created for me has kept me distracted and hard all day."

"Mmmm," I purred at him. "Would you like for me to create another little one for you?" I think he could hear my tone of voice and the difference in my breathing.

"Are you masturbating again?" he asked with a tinge of surprise.

"Yes, I am," I said boldly. "I have been for about the past half hour thinking about what you said. The idea of playing with other men while you watch has me... very turned on."

"I'm glad you enjoy the fantasy as much as I do," he said. His tone made it obvious he believed that it was, and would remain, a fantasy.

"So you'd enjoy it if I told you another tale while you stroke yourself off?" I asked.

"I am already stroking," he replied. "Tell your tale..."

"Let's get something straight," I said coldly. "If we're going to enjoy this fantasy, we need to remember our roles. I'm the wife in control, free to play with whomever I want, and YOU are the husband who is limited to watching, stroking himself, but only with permission, and required to clean me up after I've played with anyone."

There was a long pause before he finally answered me. The night before I'd ordered him to eat his own cum and he'd done so with great hesitation. Now I was telling him he'd eat anyone's cum after they'd fucked me. I knew he was envisioning that in his mind. I knew he was resisting the idea. I also knew he still thought everything was pure fantasy. With a small sigh he said, "I understand." Then he added, in a much smaller voice, "Will you please tell me another tale about being a slut so I can picture it while I stroke myself?"

"That's a good boy," I replied, pushing three fingers deep into my wetness. I was getting off as much on the reality of the afternoon I'd enjoyed as I was being able to dominate and control him. "I'll tell you a little story... but you're NOT allowed to cum until I say so. Do you understand?"

"Yes," he said, but he already sounded desperate.

"Let me be clear," I added. "If you cum before I give you permission, it'll be six months before you're allowed to fuck me again."

"Oh," he groaned. "I love this fantasy."

My voice was harsh and raised as I answered him. "This part is NOT fantasy. If you make yourself cum before I give you permission, I won't let you fuck me for six months minimum. Do you understand?"

I think he just said what he thought I wanted to hear to get me to start telling him a fantasy tale, not even realizing that I was being one hundred percent serious. Oh, well, I thought. His loss. I would have plenty of men around to fuck me and keep my pussy happy. "Yes, I understand," he said.

"Then put the phone on speaker," I said. "Stroke and use your other hand to massage your balls. Do NOT cum until I tell you to."

"Uh, huh," he said and I heard the difference from him having switched over to speaker. I did the same thing and put my phone down on the pillow close to my head. I laid my head back and put both hands in my crotch, one on my clit while the other worked my hungry hole, and tried to remember the afternoon as clearly as I could.

"I took the afternoon off again and met my friend for lunch..." I told him about my afternoon with as much detail as I could remember, cumming at least three times before I got to the part about Frank and Sean taking turns fucking my ass. It was at that point that I heard Scott cum and I relished his violation of the rules.

"Did you just cum?" I asked him after his moans had died down.

"Yes," he answered me, but there was shame in his voice.

"Switch to facetime," I said.

"What?" he asked.

"Switch to facetime NOW," I said. My phone rang for facetime and I answered it. Like every such call, we started out seeing each other's faces but that wasn't what I wanted to see right then. "Show me your cum covered hand," I ordered him. His face said he didn't want to because he wasn't sure what was coming next, but after a short pause, he did. He turned the phone so I could see his right hand and he HAD cum; it was all over his hand. "Now, eat it," I ordered. He turned the phone back to his face.

"I didn't like doing that last night," he said. "I know I said it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be, but..."

"I didn't ask," I told him. "You asked for the fantasy. I told it to you. You agreed not to cum without permission but you did. Now..." I said, turning the phone so he could see my three fingers fucking my pussy, "...you won't get to enjoy this pussy for six months minimum." I turned the phone back to my face. "And if I don't see you licking and sucking that cum off your hand in the next two seconds, it'll be a year before you even see me naked again." He still looked hesitant. "Do it," I said sternly. "Do it NOW."

With a downtrodden look on his face he raised his hand to his mouth and I got to watch as he stuck out his tongue and began to lick his cum off. At first he was just moving the cum around on his fingers but soon enough he realized he was going to have to actually suck it into his mouth, taste it and swallow it. I came again when he started sticking his fingers in his mouth, sucking the cum off and I could see his throat working as he swallowed.

"God, you're beautiful when you cum," he said.

"Shut up," I said, feeling cruel. "If you could fuck me as good as Jim and Ray and Frank and Sean did, I wouldn't have to be masturbating while I watch you eat your own nut." He was quiet then, having cleaned all his cum off his hand and not sure what to do or say next. I softened my voice just a little. "When you get home, we'll have to talk about this new dynamic in our marriage. I obviously like being in control and you're being a good submissive husband." I smiled at him through the miracle of technology. "We'll make sure this... new reality gets mixed into our play when you get home."

"So I AM going to see you naked and be able to play when I get home?" he asked with a grin.

I shot that grin right off his face. "Oh, no," I replied. "You came without permission. You're still going to wait six months before you get any of this pussy again and if you see me naked it'll be a total accident... unless it's while I'm enjoying other men."

He paused before he said anything. "This game is turning me on a lot," he said. "I'm going to end up cumming again before I go to sleep."

"You keep thinking it's a game," I said with a smirk. "I love you and will see you when you get home... and we'll figure out all the rules to this 'game'." I blew him a kiss through the phone and then hung up. I turned off the light and fell asleep thinking about Scott tied to a chair in the corner of a hotel room, watching as Frank and a line of men took turns fucking me and filling me or covering me with cum. I almost came without touching myself when I pictured Scott licking and eating the cum off me or out of me.

- - - - - - - - - -

Sometime in the middle of the night I woke up to movement on my bed. I had no idea what time it was, but it was totally dark in my room except for the dim light coming from a recharge station on the nightstand. I was on my side and felt a naked body move up against me from behind. It was male with a very hard cock that poked up against my ass and rubbed up and down between my cheeks. I pushed back against it, my body screaming out for sexual pleasure. It seemed that Frank had awoken a sexual beast in me. I moaned as the cock poked lower, sliding between my thighs, back and forth against my pussy. I realized how wet I still was, the slickness smearing along this hard shaft that I knew could bring me so much pleasure.

The cock's owner heard my moan, and only then did I realize - Scott was out of town. This wasn't my husband. Erik? Todd? I couldn't imagine either of my sons doing this and then the mental image of it made me immediately wish they both were. Sean? Sean! I knew it had to be. He'd told me he was coming back to spend the night. When I moaned and he heard it he grabbed my leg and pulled it up, opening my pussy. He let go of my leg, but I held it up, keeping myself open to him, knowing what was coming next. He lined up the swollen knob of his cockhead with my wet opening and slowly pushed about half his length into me.

I moaned again even louder. "Unless you want Erik and Todd to hear you," he said, "I'd suggest you try to contain your noises." I nodded in acknowledgement, vaguely aware that he couldn't see me, and then the breath whooshed out of me as he plunged the full length of his manhood into me. We were mated like two starfish, our legs criss-crossed and his cock buried balls deep in my sex. I felt one of his strong hands on my breast and then found myself having a hard time staying quiet as he began to fuck me.

I humped my hips at him every time he thrust in, moving about two-thirds of his cock in and out with every pump of his hips. He squeezed and caressed my breast, cupping it, milking it and then pinching, pulling and twisting my nipple. The pain was almost unbearable, but the 'almost' made all the difference. It was over-stimulation at the brink of intolerable, enjoyed because I was so distracted by the delicious feeling of his cock violating me over and over again.

He pulled out and away, grabbing my leg and rolling me onto my back, holding my legs spread wide as he positioned himself between them. His cock slid back into me, fully penetrating me in a single thrust and then pistoning in and out of me, slamming me down into the bed and working me against the mattress. I bit my lip to keep from moaning too loudly as I came, pulling on his hips with both hands to encourage him to keep fucking me more... harder. I came again and then a couple more times before he got his orgasm. That plundering cock felt heavenly in my pussy, and I could barely see him above me. It was almost as if an anonymous man was just using me. Sometimes I pictured it as Erik or Todd... or Frank, Ray or Jim. My selection of people who had fucked me, or whom I'd like to have fuck me, had certainly grown in the past week.

Sean's moans changed, as did his thrusts and his cock swelled just a bit more. I knew he was going to explode, and I pulled him deep into me with both hands, wrapping my legs around him to make sure he stayed buried in me when he finally released his load. When he did, I could feel it. His cock swelled that final bit more and began to jerk with every pulse of the muscles that forced each thick glob of his hot cum into me. Once again I realized that I never felt this when Scott came in me, but I seemed to always feel it now. I felt the hot stickiness of his cum splattering into me six or seven times... and then again... and one last time. I moved my hips and my pussy to milk his length, making sure he'd given me all he had to release.

Finished using me, he pulled out and got off the bed. I heard him moving around and then he was out of my bedroom and the door was closing behind him. I thought about the circumstance a moment and realized I loved it. As my fingers toyed in my pussy, scooping out his cum and bringing it to my own lips to enjoy, I realized he had just come into my bedroom unbidden, fucked me without so much as asking if I minded or wanted to. He had cum in me as if he owned my pussy and wouldn't even think of cumming anywhere else. And then he'd left without even saying, "Thank you." He had used me. I had been a cum dump for him. I relished in the feeling even as I snacked on his cum mixed with my pussy juice. When I was sure my pussy was empty of his cum and my fingers were clean, I relaxed and fell back to sleep. My dreams were all of being in the middle of a gangbang, having multiple men use me over and over again... and of making Scott eat all of their cum off or out of me. I woke up Friday morning feeling quite refreshed.

- - - - - - - - - -

Friday morning before I showered I fingered myself to another orgasm. I couldn't help it. My pussy felt so empty and needy and my memories of Sean's middle-of-the-night-use were making my sex drool. It was the first normal and full workday I'd had the whole week. I dressed in my usual conservative fashion and focused on work - although I still had to take a break every hour or so to lock my office door and finger myself some more. I found myself missing the taste and texture of cum in my mouth, trying to satisfy myself with the flavor of pussy off my fingers. It didn't really work but it seemed to keep the frustrating need at bay a little bit.

When I was finally done with work for the day I headed home, stopping to pick up two pizzas along the way. Pizza would never go to waste in my house with my sons and their friends almost constantly being hungry and it relieved me of any planning for dinner. As it turned out, the boys weren't home that evening. There was some kind of weekend-long event at their fraternity, and they were planning to be gone all weekend attending that. I made the most of the time, surfing the internet for erotica that supported my slutty needs and fantasies of cuckolding Scott. I slept well Friday night full of great body chemicals thanks to the several dozen orgasms I got myself through the day and the bottle of wine I consumed through the evening. Early Saturday morning I woke up to my phone beeping and looked to see a text from a number that wasn't in my contacts list.

"This is Sean. Be ready at six pm for me to pick you up. Wear something you don't mind getting messy and put your hair in a ponytail. Eat before I pick you up."

I typed, "OK" and sent it, putting my phone down and rolling back over to stretch my naked body. I noticed that for the first time in a week my pussy didn't feel as warm and used as it had all the other mornings. It was disappointing to realize that was because it hadn't been used as much... or enough. I didn't know what Sean had planned for the evening but I hoped it involved Jim and Ray... or whomever else Sean decided to bring along. My body was craving sexual use.

I messaged Frank to tell him I'd heard from Sean and what was going on. He sent back, "Have a good time. Do as you're told. I'm almost done editing your personal porn movie. Miss you, sexy."

My own personal porn movie? That sounded sinfully naughty and delicious at the same time. I knew he had plenty of pictures and video of me with him... and Sean... and Jim and Ray. I felt butterflies in my stomach wondering what would happen if Scott saw the movie and then realized that the butterflies were from the excitement of its existence, not the fear of it being discovered. My attitude had certainly changed during that week. I had gone from faithful wife who only fantasized about having wanton sex with other men to a cum slut who had fucked FOUR other men, become adept at deepthroat, anal sex and more. I had taken cum down my throat, on my face, in my ass and many loads in my pussy which, I realized, is what I felt it was for. I wasn't having any more children. My pussy was expressly for giving and taking pleasure.I messaged Frank to tell him I'd heard from Sean and what was going on. He sent back, "Have a good time. Do as you're told. I'm almost done editing your personal porn movie. Miss you, sexy."

My own personal porn movie? That sounded sinfully naughty and delicious at the same time. I knew he had plenty of pictures and video of me with him... and Sean... and Jim and Ray. I felt butterflies in my stomach wondering what would happen if Scott saw the movie and then realized that the butterflies were from the excitement of its existence, not the fear of it being discovered. Although, I admitted to myself, I WAS afraid of its mere existence. The fact that Frank had it gave him power over me. I didn't THINK he'd ever use it for blackmail, but I know he certainly could, and his behavior had certainly demonstrated his ability to do whatever was necessary to force me into the behavior he desired. His control both scared and stimulated me.

My attitude had certainly changed during that week. I had gone from faithful wife who only fantasized about having wanton sex with other men to a cum slut who had fucked FOUR other men, become adept at deepthroat, anal sex and more. I had taken cum down my throat, on my face, in my ass and many loads in my pussy which, I realized, is what I felt it was for. I wasn't having any more children. My pussy was for giving and taking pleasure. It was a hot, wet, slick channel for men to use and deposit their semen into. Just the thought made my pussy juice, and I was suddenly very aware of the slickness between my lips.

I stretched again and got out of bed before I lost myself in masturbatory pleasure. There was stuff I needed to get done around the house; the mundane stuff like laundry, cleaning, grocery shopping and more. Throughout it all my brain was only half focused on what I was doing, the other half occupied with what I'd enjoyed through the week before and what I might enjoy later than evening. I didn't know if the my sons would be home since they were at the frat house for the weekend. Sometimes they came home for clean clothes and to shower, but I couldn't remember if they'd taken bags with them. Around the house I wore an old night shirt; just long enough to cover my ass but only if I didn't bend over. I half wanted them to come home and catch me prancing around almost naked.

By four in the afternoon, I had done all my chores and decided it was time to start getting ready for my evening. I ate first - an early dinner to be sure but I didn't know how fast things would get started once Sean picked me up and I didn't want anything heavy on my stomach if vigorous sex was on the agenda - and I certainly hoped and expected it was. After I ate, I took a long hot shower, carefully shaving my pussy again. I put on very little makeup and did my hair, making sure it was brushed out straight before putting it up in the ponytail Sean had ordered. I assumed I would need no underwear but also felt like something lacy would add to the eroticism of the evening. Men like to see women in lingerie, right? So, I pulled out a garter belt I hadn't worn in years and some sheer thigh high stockings. As I put them on, I tried to remember the last time I'd worn them for Scott and couldn't remember when it was. I also couldn't remember the last time it was that he'd indicated he wanted me to wear sexy things for him or expressed appreciation when I did. I pulled on a short, form fitting dress that stopped about four inches below my crotch, showing off plenty of my strong thighs. The hem of the dress was right at the top of the stockings, so depending on how I moved, a flash of thigh could be seen.

At quarter to six I was waiting in the kitchen for Sean to pick me up. I drank a glass of wine to help calm my nerves and then another for simple relaxation. My mind drifted over the experiences I'd enjoyed the past week: All of the fucking Frank had enjoyed giving me; being spit-roasted between Frank and Sean, and then between Jim and Ray; having learned to deepthroat and taking Sean's load directly into my belly without having to swallow; and the first time I felt Frank's cock explode into my ass. Idly I wondered which of those experiences I'd relive with different men this evening and realized my pussy was nearly dripping just from me thinking about all the sex I was hoping to get.

I briefly considered just how different I felt in that moment about my marriage, fidelity, sex in general and my desires. I realized that I hadn't had the courage to set my own desires free but had needed Frank to force me into allowing myself to enjoy all the fantasies I had. Now, here I was, waiting for one of my sons' friends to pick me up and take me god-knew-where to be a sex toy for him... and who knew how many other men. And the shame of it all was that I wasn't hesitant in the least. I wanted Sean to take me some place and use me. I wanted to feel and taste his cock in my mouth. I wanted to feel him fucking me hard, deep and fast. I wanted him to cum in me or on me, or both, and I wanted a lot more cum than I felt he could offer. Even young and fit as he was, I wanted cum down my throat, deep in my pussy and (now) also in my ass. I wanted cum splashed onto me.... On my belly, my chest and my face. God... what had I become?

Promptly at six o'clock, a car pulled up in the driveway and the engine shut off distracting me from my self-analysis. I was already standing up and getting ready to go out the door when I saw Sean coming in. I opened the door for him, and he eyeballed me up and down, grinning and nodding his approval at what I was wearing. I started to step out, but he stopped me... with his big, strong hand on my throat, pushing me back into my kitchen. He didn't stop pushing me until my back hit the wall and then his face was only inches from mine. "Oh, no," he said with an evil smile. "I don't have to have you anywhere until eight. Until then, you are mine." As he spoke, I realized his other hand was undoing his belt and pants and pushing them around his hips. I moaned. Visions and memories of his cock filled my brain. I was ashamed to feel my mouth watering and my pussy drooling some more.

The hand around my throat pushed me to my knees and I went willingly. His half-erect manhood was right in my face, and I eagerly opened my mouth to him, thrilling in the feeling of his swollen cockhead pushing across my tongue and feeling the vein in his meat pulse as I pressed my tongue along the underside of his shaft. He thrust his hips forward before I had even tried to relax my throat for him, forcing his cock against the back of my mouth, still pushing, and banging my head against the wall. His cock continued to push but my throat wasn't opening... yet. I was too unprepared for the violent intrusion.

With my hands on his hips, I pushed just enough to get some room in my mouth, tried to swallow, worked my throat, tried to breathe and then pulled on his hips. He took my cue and pushed again, not stopping as I pulled on his hips. It took some concentration, but I opened my throat to him and felt his cock slide down... in... until his heavy sperm-filled balls banged into my chin. As he ground his cock into my mouth and throat, I felt my body try to gag, but there was no room. I felt my lungs try to inflate but my airway was blocked. I felt my eyes already beginning to water and my nostrils flare... and then he pulled out and I could breathe. But before I had fully inhaled and exhaled, his cock was back in my throat.

He put one hand on the wall above me and the other grabbed my ponytail. Sean gave me just enough air to breathe and not pass out, but he vigorously fucked my mouth and throat - and I reveled in the moment. In just a few seconds I had gone from housewife to fuck slut and every inch of my body was screaming in pleasure. My body welcomed the intrusion of his cock. My throat opened to him. We found the perfect rhythm that let me breath around him face-fucking me and I reached one hand down between my legs to finger myself. I had avoided it all day and my pussy felt ultra-sensitive to my own touch. It didn't take either of us long to reach orgasm and mine pulsed through me even as Sean's spasmed ropes of his thick hot cum straight down my throat. I didn't have to swallow but unfortunately, I didn't taste it either. I reveled in being a cum depository for his seed and desperately hoped he'd have more for me soon; or would have someone else lined up that would give me some. Gone was the housewife persona and even the mother persona... raging forth was the near-out-of-control sexual animal Frank had helped me release.

When our mutual climax had passed and his breathing returned to normal, he stepped back and smiled down at me. Lifting me by my ponytail, which he had never let go of, he kissed me briefly on the lips - just a peck - and said, "Thank you. That was an excellent start." I smiled back at him, adjusted my dress and then had to follow him as he led me out the door by my hair. Idly I wondered if any of my neighbors would see this young man leading me around in such a fashion and then I realized I didn't care.

In Sean's car I sat quietly, spreading my thighs for him when he reached over to touch me. And I didn't spread them a little; I spread them as far as I could without putting my feet up on the dashboard. His fingers quickly found my wet sex and he pushed two fingers into me with an appreciative comment on how wet I was. He heard my moan of pleasure and grinned. "Awe, does your little pussy need some attention?" he asked teasingly. He didn't wait for me to answer. My body's reaction to his touch and the fingers he was pushing in and out of me was his answer. "Damn, Frank was right," he said as he continued to finger me. "You really can't get enough, can you?" I didn't know if I was supposed to answer or not, so I simply mewled in response. I humped my pussy at his fingers and let my hands go to my own breasts, pinching and pulling my nipples through my dress and adding to my stimulation. Sean chuckled as he drove, his fingers never leaving my wetness until we reached our destination. "Don't you worry," he said. "You're going to get all the cock you can handle this evening." Another moan escaped me as I pulled on my nipples extra hard.

I had my eyes closed as he drove, keeping my hands busy on my chest as he kept his fingers busy in and on my pussy. By the time we got to our destination I had cum twice and was ready to beg for a cock to fuck me if that's what it took to get one. "We're here," he said as his hand left my pussy and he put the car in park. I opened my eyes and felt my heart race with both panic and excitement. We were parked in front of the fraternity house - the fraternity Sean and both my sons and several of their friends all belonged to. Dressed the way I was dressed and knowing they had the entire chapter membership there for the weekend, there could only be one thing Sean had brought me for. I wondered if there would be any other women or college girls there? Or was I to be the only woman available to service the 20+ members of the fraternity? Part of me felt fear at the idea, most especially because I was sure my sons were there and by the time the night was over, they'd know what their mother was: a cock hungry cum slut. Part of me felt excitement because I desperately needed to be fucked and used and I was eager for all the hot cum these young men would surely be able to deliver into and onto me. A small voice in the back of my head wondered if I'd be able to face my sons and what their reaction would be. It wasn't loud enough to stop me or slow me down.

Probably just to make myself feel better I voiced an objection. "Sean, you know I can't do this. Erik and Todd..." He cut me off with his hand on my throat again. He didn't hit me but the force of his big hand grabbing my neck and his fingers wrapping around my throat were enough to remove any question of who was in control. And that's what I needed: I needed for him to be in control. I needed to have no say. I needed his control to remove my sense of responsibility.

"Don't tell me 'can't'," he said gruffly as his hand squeezed my throat. "You can and you will, and we both know you want to. If you don't, Frank has assured me he'll make you pay." His words confirmed my earlier thoughts: Frank would blackmail me, or punish me, or expose me or whatever. I had let myself become a toy that was fully controlled and had to do as she was told. I felt Sean's grip tighten and then relax. "And besides, I have a way that you won't be recognized... at least not to start."

Sean reached into the glove compartment and handed me a mask that was there. I had never seen anything like it before. It was black leather and looked like it would cover my whole head. The back of it had a series of buttons with elastic loops instead of buttonholes on the other side. There was a cut out for my ponytail. The front would cover my face down over my nose with a small leather strip that would go across my upper lip. The line of the front was cut so the mask would cover most of my cheeks and there were holes for my ears so that the leather strips under them would help hold the thing on my head. There was a leather flap that covered the holes for the eyes and it looked like it used Velcro tabs to hold it down on the cheeks at the corners. The flap could also be folded up and there were matching Velcro spots up on the forehead to hold it open.

"Put that on," Sean said as he handed it to me. "Leave the eyes open for now... but we'll close them in a little bit." He looked me in the eye. "It'll stop Erik and Todd from recognizing you immediately."

"Thank you," I said as I began to put on the mask. I didn't say it because I meant it, but because I knew he expected it.

"Oh, don't thank me," he said with a chuckle. "Before the night's over I'm sure they both will see you being the cock hungry slut Frank has shown you that you are and I've enjoyed you being." He paused as he thought and then looked me in the eye again. "Do you think they'll mind discovering their mother is happy to be a cum dump for any guy willing to give her his cock?" I had no answer as I was overwhelmed with shame. I dropped my eyes, even as I kept working to get the mask secured in place. "Answer me," he said forcefully.

"I don't know," I answered him quietly, hooking the last button closed on the back of the mask. "I don't know what their reaction will be." I thought about it. Todd, the younger of my two sons was definitely the bolder one. If he didn't know who I was, he'd be more likely to step up and take his turn at a woman, especially if others were around. Erik probably would eventually, but only because he had the sex drive, needs and hungers that every other sexually potent man had. The idea of either of them seeing me naked, much less involved in any sexual activity, nearly brought tears of shame to my eyes. But what else could I do but hope they didn't recognize me? They were virile men and the only two in the house I'd hesitate to serve at this point.

"Well," Sean said, "We're going to find out. You'd better not let it slow you down or Frank said he'd make you pay a price when he returns on Tuesday."

"I understand," I said. I could still feel the heat on my neck where Sean's hand had grabbed me. I knew I would obey, and I knew that if I didn't, he'd make me. The mask was in place and covered most of my face. I took a quick inventory of my body and how I felt. My pussy was wet. My nipples were as erect as they could get. I realized my mouth was watering at the thought of sucking multiple cocks.

Sean led me into the frat house, once again holding me by my ponytail. It was a handle for him, and he used it like Frank did a fistful of my hair. I admitted to myself that I liked it.

There was no one in the main hallway and I knew the meeting room was to the right. To the left was a living room with a dining room behind it and then the kitchen behind that. Up the stairs in front of us was the second floor where the upper classmen had their rooms and then another floor above that where the sophomores had their rooms.

"Everyone is still in the meeting," Sean told me, steering me by my ponytail. "They aren't expecting 'the entertainment' here for another hour so I can take you upstairs and get you situated."

"Yes, sir," I said. There was nothing but bedrooms upstairs. I wondered which room I was going to be 'situated' in and how many men were going to visit me in it.

I was surprised when Sean took me into the Chapter President's bedroom. It had once been the master bedroom of the house and had a huge bathroom attached. Sean shoved me toward the bed and said, "Get on it, ass up." It wasn't a question. It was an order. I was eager to obey. I crawled onto the bed quickly, settling onto my elbows with my dress up around my waist and my ass up. I spread my knees enough to open my ass and pussy and wondered if this was all my evening was going to be.

"That's such a delicious sight," Sean said behind me, and I could hear him unbuckling his belt and pants. "I want to get some of that pussy before it's fucked sloppy loose later." The idea of being fucked so much that my pussy was both sloppy with cum and loose turned me on. I moaned at the idea of it.

I felt movement on the bed behind me and knew that Sean was joining me. I felt his fingers back on my sex, pushing into my pussy, making sure I was wet and ready. And then his fingers were gone but his cockhead replaced them. I felt one hand on my hip as (I guess) he had his cock in his other hand. I felt his cockhead rub up and down my slit, spreading my wetness onto the swollen knob of that hard shaft. Every time it got near my opening I pushed back toward him, trying to get it into me. He was quite adroit at avoiding my efforts, pulling back before I could get his cock into my sex. I mewled in frustration, expressing my need to be filled.

I felt the breath whoosh out of me when he plunged his cock in. It wasn't a slow, easy process, but just a full penetration with a single thrust that I felt in my belly. His hips slammed into mine and heaven overwhelmed me. God his cock felt good. He put both hands on my hips and pulled me back against his cock as he thrust it forward.

My mind blanked as his cock began to pummel my pussy. He held my hips and pulled me back against every slam of his hips forward, forcing the full length of his shaft into me every time while his balls swung and banged against my clit. My moans were animalistic as the pleasure of being taken overwhelmed my body and I became incapable of coherent speech. I heard a loud slap and matched the sound to the sting I suddenly felt on my right ass cheek. I knew there was a handprint there now... and moments later there was a matching one on my other ass cheek.

I reached one hand down between my legs and rubbed my clit, feeling his balls banging on my hand with every thrust. My orgasm showed up quick and strong and then next few just seemed to grow out of the first. I exploded with a pleasure that made all my muscles quiver and my legs tremble. I felt the excitement in my belly as I enjoyed climax after climax.

And then my pussy was empty... Sean's cock was just gone. I wasn't sure about anything except that I was desperate to be full again. His strong hands guided me around and over onto my back. He caught my legs behind each knee and pushed me wide apart. My pussy was open and ready for more as he knelt between my thighs and pushed his cock back into me. Again, it wasn't a gentle penetration, and he certainly didn't take his time. It was just PUSH and BANG - pelvis to pelvis, his whole cock buried in my hungry cunt. There was a time I'd have complained about such treatment if Scott did it to me, but now I just grabbed Sean's ass and pulled him in. Scott always made love to me - and it was pathetic. I didn't want a man to make love to me. I wanted to be fucked hard, long and strong by as many men as it took to leave me sore the next day. I wanted to be taken and controlled and used as a tool to get cocks to spit their hot juice in and on me.Thanks to his earlier orgasm in my kitchen, Sean took his time building up to his second climax and by the time he did I was delirious with pleasure. My pussy was warm and throbbing and I knew it would stay that way for the remainder of the night. Sean's rhythm changed and I knew his next orgasm was close. "Yes," I said to him. "Yes... give it to me. Fuck me. Cum in me. Fill my cunt!"

He didn't disappoint me. Within another few strokes his orgasm set in fully and he buried his cockhead into me, pushed up against my cervix. I felt his swollen knob swell that much more and then the searing liquid heat of his cum as his manhood spat inside me. I loved that I could feel every jet of his cream and could swear I felt it spreading through my belly as his sperm swam into my uterus. Maybe it was my imagination, but I didn't think so. I felt his cum warm my center.

When he was done, he got off the bed and caught his breath. As I had been taught to do by Frank, I fingered Sean's cum out of my pussy and ate it off my fingers. When I was done, Sean was in the shower rinsing off and when he came out, he told me to 'clean up your cunt.' I got up and undressed, making sure I cleaned any of his remaining cum off of and out of my sex. When I was dry Sean told me not to worry about the stockings or garter belt - just to put my dress on. I hadn't removed the mask for the quick shower, so I still had it on and Sean took hold of me by my ponytail again. A glance at the clock showed me that it was just a few minutes before eight o'clock: time for Sean to show up with 'the entertainment.'

Sean guided me out of the bedroom, down the stairs and into the main living room of the frat house. Seated around the room was every member of the fraternity chapter - or close to it. I saw Erik and Todd and panicked. But they gave no sign of recognizing me, so I tried to focus on anyone else... everyone else. Then I realized my panic wasn't going to subside until I was distracted by being a fuck toy. I looked around at the faces of the men looking at me. Many of them looked like a lion being shown a crippled gazelle. They looked hungry and without any sense of mercy or gentleness.

The feeling of panic returned when I saw more men I recognized: David... Michael... Jason... Sam. Just how many of my sons' friends were going to get to use me tonight? Jim and Ray were there as well and flashes of the pleasure they'd recently given me blinked through my mind, pulsing through my pussy. I took a step back away from the room without thinking about it. I was trying to step back away from my fear and uncertainty. Sean felt the movement and yanked me back in place by my ponytail. "Stand still," he said quietly but firmly. "Unless you want that mask removed right now, you'll do as you're told and enjoy it."

I was afraid to speak for fear my sons would recognize my voice. I just tried to nod my head and Sean felt it through my ponytail. Keeping that hold firmly in place he addressed the room. "Brothers... here is this evening's... toy. She'll be taken upstairs to the party room. She will be stripped and available. I will be present the whole time and if she indicates anyone has hurt her, they will be stricken from the festivities and all future festivities. Beyond that, she is ours for use and pleasure for the night." A round of applause and cheering went up. It was loud. These men were randy and eager - and I was the center of their desires in that moment. I realized that the insides of my thighs were wet with my juices and my mouth was watering even though I was as nervous as nervous can get.

"Come along," Sean said, turning me and directing me by my ponytail. "It's time to get you ready." He led me back up the stairs, this time to the third floor and into a large bedroom that had two king sized beds in it along with a sofa against a wall. Still holding me by my hair Sean suddenly pulled at my dress, ripping it so that it hung off me in a lopsided fashion. He pulled again, jerking and yanking at the fabric, nearly pulling me off my feet as he did so. In a few moments the dress was just rags around my feet and I was standing naked. He pushed me toward the closest bed. "Get on it in the middle," he said. "Get on your back and spread your legs. Play with your pussy until someone shows up to do something else with you."

I started to object. The proud doctor and mom in me wanted to rage at him and ask him who the fuck he thought he was talking to! But the other part of me... the submissive, needy, naked and hungry-to-be-used-slut not only didn't dare to speak but didn't want to. With a deep breath I took a step toward the bed and climbed on, positioning myself as ordered and, looking at Sean as he stood over me, put my hands between my wide-spread thighs and began pleasuring myself.

At first I closed my eyes, working two fingers into my cunt, using the fingers of my other hand to rub circles around my clit... but Sean wanted something different. "No," he said, "Open your eyes. Look at me. Tell me what you're thinking about as you play with your pussy." I wasn't sure I could do that. I had never talked dirty during sex, and no one had ever watched me masturbate until I met Frank. Still, I knew I had to, and I knew what I was thinking about. Saying it out loud somehow made it feel dirtier.

I looked Sean in the eye as I fingered and rubbed myself. My words came in gasped groups as the pleasure I brought myself caused my breathing to be irregular. "I'm thinking about... earlier when you fed me your cock and fucked my throat... and then fucked me when we were here. I'm thinking about... how many men I have to serve tonight... tasting all those different cocks... feeling them in me... how much cum..." and then I came. I orgasmed hard and couldn't keep my eyes open as the waves of pleasure rolled through my body. My moans of pleasure were obvious - and apparently attracted attention. When my orgasm had passed, and I kept it at its peak as long as I could, I opened my eyes to look back up at Sean and realized we were no longer alone in the room.

Several other young men had come in. I recognized Michael and Sam and, OH FUCK! - I recognized my son, Todd. Michael had already pulled his pants off and I saw that he had an impressively sized piece of equipment. Sam was taking off his shirt. Todd was rubbing his cock through his pants, just watching for now.

I looked at each of them, meeting their eyes and saw nothing but desire and an intent to satisfy it by using me. I was acutely aware of Todd's eyes on me as I kept my fingers working but I tried to focus on the other men. They watched as I reveled in the wanton pleasure of showing these men how much of a sexual animal I could be. Michael was the first to join me on the bed. He was naked and knelt next to my head, aiming his cock at my mouth. He said, "Open wide," and I did as I was told. I opened my mouth so wide and fast that he had to realize I was hungry to take and taste his cock. He guided it to my tongue and between my lips and I tasted the precum as he pushed his hips forward and began to fuck my mouth.

Someone else got on the bed between my legs and I assumed it was Sam. I was expecting - hoping for, really - that he'd fuck me, but instead I felt fingers spreading my pussy open and then a tongue on my clit. I bucked my hips against the pleasure as that tongue began to flick up and down on my buzzing bundle of nerves and then two fingers invaded my sex to add to the pleasure.

The overwhelming pleasure of sexual saturation set in, and I let myself go to it. I was in my happy place: naked, spread, a man between my legs, and a hard cock in my mouth, working its way into my throat. Any sense of responsibility or thoughts of life outside that moment faded away and I became what I had recently learned I enjoyed being so much: a female animal being taken and used, pleasured along the way.

It didn't take long before the mouth left my pussy and the weight shifted. A cock was pushed between my lips and slid deep into my hungry cheating cunt. I moaned around Michael's cock which was enjoying my mouth and throat. I didn't realize how close Michael was to cumming, but my moan seemed to set him off. Even as the cock in my pussy achieved full penetration, Michael shoved his cock all the way into my throat and began to pulse, jetting his hot thick cum straight into my belly. I hadn't gotten a breath before he did and by the time he'd finished cumming, my vision was beginning to blur due to oxygen deprivation. I didn't care. If I passed out I hoped these men would continue to use my body as they saw fit.

Michael finally pulled his cock out of my mouth and got off the bed. Another young man almost immediately took his place. I looked down at the man fucking me and gasped: it was my son, Todd! He wasn't looking at my face. He was focused on watching his cock going in and out of my pussy. He had my knees in his hands, pushing my legs high and wide, opening my body to take his length. His strokes were the perfect pace and full length - out until only his cockhead was still in me and then - BANG! - balls deep with his pelvis smashed against mine. I was going to cum on his cock - my son's cock! - very soon.

A strong hand on my head turned my face and I found another cock waiting to be serviced by my mouth. With the vision of Todd holding me open and fucking me fresh in my brain, I opened my mouth to another of his frat brothers. This cock wasn't as big but I didn't care. I sucked and licked it as best I could as the man fucked it in and out of my face. It barely reached my throat and he didn't last long. Soon I had a mouthful of his delicious hot sperm.

The loud groan from Todd told me what was cumming next and a small part of my brain rebelled. My son couldn't cum in me!! My body screamed SHUT UP!! My brain and body argued and the end result was that I didn't stop him - and truth be told, I didn't want to. Yes, he was my son, but he was also a virile young man, with a decent size cock, and I wanted that cock to spray its load as deep into my cunt as it could reach. I wanted to feel the hot thick seed splattering against my cervix and spreading within me. And moments later, it did. The cock left my mouth just in time for me to look down at Todd - his head thrown back as his hips jerked in time with the spasms of his climax, his cock spitting the hot cum into me that I wanted.

"Roll her over," someone said, and hands were on me. I knew what they wanted and moved without them having to force anything. I flipped over onto my knees and elbows, arching my back and putting my ass up, making my pussy open and ready. Men changed places and someone was behind me, another cock sliding into my hungry sex. Someone got on the bed in front of me, kneeling to aim their cock at my mouth which I willingly opened for them. Soon I had two more cocks thrusting into me, both of them working... using my hot wet fuck holes to achieve the pleasure they wanted. They wanted to orgasm and, in that moment, it was all I wanted them to do.

As I was spit-roasted I heard the sounds of cameras clicking and when I could steal a glance I saw a video-camera on a tripod in one corner. And that was the beginning. I lost myself to the pleasure of pleasuring every man who stepped up. I lost count of how many loads of cum I swallowed or that were shot down my throat without me tasting them. I'm pretty sure that every cock in the house came into my hungry cunt and several of them came up my ass as well.

It was sometime later that I was riding a nice thick cock when the mask was unhooked and pulled away. I looked down to see that the cock I was riding was my son, Erik's. I expected him to freak out when he saw that the cumslut riding him was his mother, but he seemed to almost immediately just resign himself to the situation. I looked around the room and found Todd's eyes, the look of shock on his face as he realized he had cum into his mother earlier. That look of shock didn't take long to change back to one of lust as I kept looking at him while I worked my hips on his brother. I heard Erik's moans change and looked back down at him. His head was back and his eyes were closed. I kept riding him, rocking on him and using my pussy to milk his cock until he gave me what I wanted: another load of hot cum deep up in my cunt. It joined his brother's load... along with the cum of however many other of his frat brothers had cum in me.

It was almost three in the morning before the group of men were done using me. I was on seriously wobbly legs as Sean showed me to the shower and watched me get clean. When I was dry, he gave me a robe to hide my nakedness and then led me out to his car to take me home. I didn't know where Erik or Todd was. I thought back over the evening/night and realized that both had cum in me more than once. I remembered Todd cumming in my pussy and I also remembered him cumming in my mouth. I remembered riding Erik to an orgasm for him and I recalled someone cheering him on as he fucked my ass somewhat later. It was while his friend, David, was under me with his cock in my pussy; one of the many times I had been double-penetrated that night.

Sean escorted me into my house and I thought he'd leave me at the kitchen door. He had other plans as he stepped into the kitchen with me. I was exhausted and could barely stand but he apparently had a load left in him that he expected me to get out. I realized he had undone his pants and they were around his legs as he grabbed the belt of the robe and pulled it loose, pushing the garment from my shoulders, making me naked in my kitchen. He pushed me to my knees and grabbed handfuls of my hair as he guided my mouth to his stiff cock. I'd love to say I gave him a great blowjob but in reality, I was just too tired to resist as he fucked my mouth and throat, eventually cumming. I hungrily swallowed his load. It was how the evening had begun so it seemed a fitting way for it to end.

He helped me to my feet and kissed me on the forehead before turning to leave. He left me standing naked in my kitchen. I locked the door, drank a glass of water and staggered to bed. As I fell asleep, I touched myself very gently. My pussy and ass were throbbing and warm, thoroughly used and pleasured. I had no idea how many loads of cum I'd taken in each or how many loads I had swallowed. As I caressed my swollen pussy, I thought about what happened with Erik and Todd and idly thought about my husband, Scott. I wasn't sure what would happen when he got home, but now that the ultimate taboo had been violated, I knew I didn't care if my sons used me just as Sean and Frank did. The idea of them doing it in front of their father was as dirty a thought as I could have... and I felt my pussy juice up again, even as I fell asleep thinking about my sons spit-roasting me in front of their father.

When I woke up Sunday morning, I began a new life.