Nikki unlocked the door and scampered back to her bedroom. Comfortable as she might be in her skin, going about life naked wasn't her thing. Ryan's text allowed her to relax. He was coming. A sense of relief washed over her.

She laid back down on her bed. Settling in, Nikki positioned herself in what she figured was an inviting pose. The ambience was soft, or at least as soft as she could do in her apartment. It wasn't her preferred location for hooking up. Nikki much preferred fucking Ryan in his own home. Less pressure. Fewer curious neighbors to listen in. But it was summer. His kids were home more often - enough that they were present during her weekly house cleaning visits.

It had been far too long.

The loud click of the door as it opened, then closed, let her know Ryan was inside. Nikki called to him, then reached over to her bedside table. She ignored the coolness from the can of whipping cream. However, the initial shock as the cream foamed from the nozzle onto her nipples nearly caused Nikki to yelp. Containing herself she returned the can to the side before Ryan entered.

Watching Ryan's face light up at the sight awaiting him gave Nikki a jolt of energy. She could not help but wiggle in place on the bed. Her tits jostled a bit, the whipped cream dancing along with them.

"Well," he started. "This is a sight to see."

"I know you shouldn't have too many sweets before dinner. But I think you're due for some just desserts."

"No kidding," Ryan replied, loosing his clothes. "What, uh, what do we have here?"

"Oh, just some odds and ends. Chocolate syrup. Honey. Sprinkles. Whipping cream. All the fixings to enjoy the sundae of your dreams."

"Oh my. Well, you're right that I have a sweet tooth. And it, uh, it has been a while. I think I'm ready to indulge myself."

Ryan removed his dress shirt and pulled his undershirt off. For being up in age he still had a decent bod. In a way, it was a body she helped mold. Although he had been going to the gym before they met, his renewed vigor since they began seeing each other spurred him to put more effort into his workouts. According to Ryan, he was in the best shape of his life because of her.

Nikki felt a wave of tingles tickle her as he approached. "I'll lay still. I'm all yours, big boy."

She closed her eyes as he descended over her. Sure enough, his frame was a presence to enjoy. The feel of his tongue lapping at the cream on her nipples helped her little yelp escape. Nikki felt it encircle her pointy tit, encouraging it to harden further. She savored the forced inhale of air taken as his mouth engulfed her breast, eagerly sucking at the remaining sweet cream.

Then he moved to her other nipple. His gentle approach elicited both a giggle and a moan from Nikki, as once again her lover titillated her senses. As before, Ryan went in and slobbered over her breast. All too soon, he pulled away, leaving her tits exposed with a chill from the saliva that coated them. Nikki hesitated, enjoying the moment.

When she finally opened her eyes, Nikki was warmly greeted by Ryan's gaze overhead. The sight of him holding something was in the periphery of her vision. Keeping his eyes locked with hers, he brought the item in closer. The sound of a bottle cap flipping open. A little jostling on his part as he changed orientation. Then he backed away, making room for the bottle of chocolate syrup.

Nikki giggled in delight as the gooey mass drizzled over her body. Watching Ryan go to work was equally as fun. She enjoyed watching his concentration as he painted her torso with chocolate. When he seemed satisfied, he returned the bottle to the nightstand. He weighed his options for a moment. Curiosity itched Nikki to sit up and watch. But she remained on the bed. She was now her lover's canvas. She could only tilt her head and guess at his next action.

"What, no strawberries?" Ryan asked playfully.

"Nooo," she replied, a little crestfallen. "There weren't any good ones at the store."

"You know, I've noticed that too," he said, almost conversationally. Nikki might have been compelled to discuss their shopping habits further had he not returned with the container of crushed pineapple.

Nikki found herself moaning as he dabbed and spread the fruit along her breasts. The juice, coupled with the cool touch of the spoon, sent tiny shivers across her body - arching ever so slightly in response. Again she relished involuntarily drawing a deep breath. Finding herself reacting this way made her enjoy it all the more.

He put away the pineapple and came back with the whipped cream. He immediately went for the breasts, as she figured he would. But he continued beyond them. The nozzle zig-zagged over her belly. The sensation continued to thrill her in a way she never expected it would. Tiny giggles escaped with moans.

Ryan looked over her. His creation. The expression on his face was not an easy one to read, but Nikki saw it as a mix of contemplation and pleasure. She saw him reach for the sprinkles. "You know, I've never made a sundae before. What do you think? Not bad, huh?"

The sprinkles and candy bits began to fall. She barely felt them as they hit. The sugary design Ryan had created on her torso effectively absorbed the impact. What few bare spots remained announced their arrival. As silly as it was, it induced laughter from Nikki. Being aroused, wanting to explore, touch and feel ... yet forced to lay still as her energies swirled within. It was all she could do to not explode.

She watched as Ryan again stood back. The look of admiration in his eyes. He was enjoying looking at his girlfriend covered in all manner of foodstuffs. After a moment Ryan began looking around, before finding Nikki's phone on the bedside table.

"Wait, what are you doing?" Nikki asked, half amused, half concerned.

"Oh, I just want a pic."

"Don't want to use your phone?"

"Nah. Too risky. But I don't want to forget this moment. Something tells me you won't want to either."

He swiped and then began taking a few photos. At first Nikki smiled as best she could, laying down. Figuring she must look like a fool and terribly unflattering, she resorted to sticking her tongue out and flipping the bird with her hand.

"Ah, c'mon, babe." Ryan said. He seemed particularly relaxed. "You don't give yourself enough credit. You look good enough to eat."

She felt him spread her legs as he positioned himself over her. As before, he set on licking the sweets spread on her body. Only now there was so much more to enjoy. Every lick tingled mercilessly inside Nikki. She desperately wanted to act. Digging her nails into bed provided weak solace as his tongue and lips explored Nikki's nipples, breasts, navel and everywhere else he had taken pleasure in coating with sweet artistic vision. Tiny whimpers escaped her lips. Only to be met by his deep, pleasured sighs.

Several times she wanted to cum. Edged to climax. With Ryan poised right over her, she imagined his stiffened cock teasing at her pussy. His tip glistening with precum. Her wetness inviting him to press on. Until finally would sink his meat inside her, giving rise to the release she desperately craved.

Only to be denied.

If the playing field were even, Nikki would have mounted him by now. She would be riding him. Or him drilling her. No matter. So long as their primal urges were being fulfilled. Instead, she had handed him the reigns. She was subject to his indulgence of her body, and the sweetness she had provided.

His licks gave way to kisses on her skin. Somewhat abruptly, she felt him disengage.

Watching him, she saw Ryan open a bottle of water on her nightstand. With a quick swish and a swallow, he poised himself back over Nikki. Only now he was moving further down her body. Ryan lowered his head in front of her snatch.

"Time for the creamy center."

He pressed his face against her womanhood. His tongue darted about. Nikki realized just how juicy she had become. And just how close she was to cumming! Ryan had sent her over. Her whimpers gave way to cries as she likewise grinded against his mouth. With a grip of her ass, he welcomed her as she felt him eagerly lap at her juiciness.

After a moment, Nikki realized she had a white-knuckled deathgrip on her mattress. Ryan's eager licking at her now sensitive bits had slowed to a more tender pace as she rode the wave down. Sitting up, hair no doubt a mess, she stared wide-eyed at her lover.

"You're a hungry, hungry man."

Ryan chuckled. "Listen to that rasp in your voice! Something tells me you needed that more than I did."

"Oh, God," she replied, adjusting in bed. "You have no fucking idea. How long has it been?"

He pulled back and stood up. His eyes darted to the side, as if her were trying to recall. "Too long. But what can I say? You still got the knack for keeping me on my toes."

"And you've still got the knack for making mine curl." She got up off the bed and gazed at her nightstand. Already a small thing, it now lay cluttered in used condiments. "So what did you think?

"You know, I've heard about it before. Playing with food. Never have though. 'Til now, of course. Was it good for you?" he smirked.

Nikki turned toward Ryan. She wanted to say that she didn't realize just how bad she needed him. But the sight of Ryan's softening member caught her eye.

"Oh dear, but you never got off!"

Ryan gave a soft laugh. "No, I suppose I haven't."

"Well, we need to change that."

Looking over the spread, she grabbed her little bear-bottle of honey. Walking up to Ryan, she gave him a smile and a wink. She enjoyed playing the confident partner, even if she felt she had no real idea what would happen at all.

Kneeling before him, she took ahold of his cock. She felt a little twitch. The idea that his cock was ready to come back to life delighted her. Flipping the lid off the honey, she gave it a good squeeze over his meaty but only half-erect dick. Ryan gave a gasp as the honey made contact. Both her hand and his cock were soon coated in the sugary thickness.

She found it a little surreal as she stroked his cock. The feeling of the sticky coating between her grip and his dick acted as a lube while still giving her a good handle. Nikki had stroked her share of dicks in the past. Nothing had ever felt like this.

Not that she spent long contemplating the nature of stroking a honey-coated cock. Combined with the pacing of his breath, his cock had grown strong and rigid in her hand. Nikki wanted a taste.

She caught a hint of precum as her lips slowly engulfed his dick. Sure enough, the sweet taste of honey met her as she took on his length. It was a nice change. It proved to be slightly difficult to move her lips up along his shaft as she took him on. But soon enough a comfortable amount of girth was inside her.

Feeling his hand back on her head excited her. She could work him up for another fucking session - this time with the penetration she craved earlier. But she had envisioned a sinfully delectable ending when she conjured up tonight's activities. For all she might be missing out on, she wanted to follow it through.

The sounds of her slurping on his meat filled the bedroom. Ryan peppered in swears and calls to God from time to time, while Nikki's attention to duty left her only to respond in moans. She pulled off with a loud smack. Gripping his meat once more, she found the mix of saliva and honey all the more intriguing as her hands worked their magic on his shaft. The motion of her stroking likewise filled the room with the messy sounds of their intimacy. His breathing, along with the winces on his face, let her know that he was getting close.

"Let me know, baby. Let me know when you're going to cum."

"Soon, baby. Oh, fuck!"

Nikki stared up at him. Her face was one of perverse anticipation and she knew it. Not that she was putting on a show to coax out his seed. She genuinely wanted to feel it. The tightening of his body. The twitch of his cock. Her own breathing panted at the very thought. It had been far too long. Even if he wasn't inside her, she needed to feel it again.

"Oh Nikki. Fuck! Here it comes!"

Her eyes bolted wide at his warning. Throwing her shoulders back and lifting her chest, she continued stroking his cock. Aiming his cock at her breasts, she moaned a sultry affirmation to help draw out his seed. With a jerk, Ryan's cock unleashed his seed onto her. Nikki's attention shot down to the tip of his member as ropes of jizz shot out. The first went high, kissing her chin and splattering against her neck. The following shots smattered lower, glazing her tits. As the volume lessened, Nikki gave a good couple of long strokes to encourage any remaining swimmers out from him.

Disengaging, Nikki stuck out her tongue. She couldn't quite reach the jism that blessed her chin. Instead, she playfully lifted a finger to her tongue and then dragged it down along to where he had left his mark. Scraping the white mess down off her chin and onto her chest, she began to smear it over her body. As best she could, Nikki spread his seed over her body. All the while, she smiled and watched as Ryan looked over her. Soon, she felt she had covered all the relevant parts of her torso to an agreeable degree. A fit of laughter overtook her.

"Icing on the cake," she finally said.

Ryan shook his head. "You are incredible."

"I know."

"You want to shower? It's going to be fun cleaning that off."

Nikki laughed. But her spirit soon dampened. Ryan may not have said it explicitly, but he was right. They were going to have to wrap up. He couldn't stay here forever.

"Well, if you need to use the bathroom first, go ahead. I know you have to get back home here at some point."

"I suppose, if you're offering," he said. Grabbing his clothes, he made to freshen up.

Nikki remained kneeling. Thinking. Of how short their encounters always are. That they can never be together for long. How she had grown to yearn for Ryan. To be with him. How he had a wife that seemingly took him for granted at home, while Nikki was more than willing to kneel and wait for him - covered in a mess of sugar and semen while he freshened up.

Ryan returned, looking much like he did when he walked into her bedroom.

"Big plans with the wife tonight?"

"Not as such," he said, helping Nikki to her feet.

He explained how he had a business trip coming up. A client had interest in revising their product. Ryan had been selected to go and work personally with them while his team refined the product on their end. Nikki tried to feign interest, but she was still feeling down on herself. His words went in one ear and out the other. That is, until he mentioned where it would be held over the weekend.

"A little family getaway, hm?"

"No. Sherri and the troops will be staying back."

Nikki froze. Her thoughts were racing.

"That's only, like, three hours away."

Raspberries. "I'm not driving that."

"I am."

"What?" he asked, a look of confusion washing over his face.

"I can drive down there. We can have the weekend to ourselves. Oh my God, this will be so perfect!"

"Wait, what?"

"Totally! We can go shopping on the strip. Go out to dinner. Dancing! Hit up the clubs. No one to recognize us." A gleeful sound emanated from her as she began shaking her hands about her wildly.

"Whoa, whoa! You're planning to come down with me?"

"Of course! Why not?"

"Well, for starters, I can't put you up in the same room as me. They're only paying for one."

"That's fine," Nikki quickly responded. "I'll get my own place. Close to wherever you are."

"I, I suppose," Ryan said, his kind clearly trying to process this recent development.

"C'mon! Don't you want to spend some quality time with me? We've only ever been together in snippets. Just imagine if we had the whole day to ourselves."

Unexpectedly, Nikki's heart sank at the picture of just what was going on. Here she was, butt naked. Covered in a cocktail of cum and sweets. Hair mussed. Pleading with a middle-aged professional who was not her husband to let her join him on a business trip.

"Well, let's be clear here," Ryan interjected. "You won't have the whole day with me. I also have to work you know."

"That's fair. We'll still have the nights, right? Oh my God, what should I wear?"

"I'll, uh, leave that for you to figure out then." He patted himself down, making sure he had his keys and such. "I need to get home. I'll shoot you a text later tonight."

Nikki twinkled her hands at him as he walked away. Soon enough, the familiar sound of the heavy door opening and latching closed let Nikki know he had left. She got up to secure the deadbolt, then made her way to the bathroom. When the shower was up to temp she stepped in. Feeling the syrupy, slimy mess slowly wash away was practically therapeutic. But she could not dwell on it. Dessert was great, but she had much grander things to sink her teeth into now.

* * *

Nikki waited outside the restaurant Ryan had mentioned. She had gotten there a bit early, but at least she was not running late. Despite the drive taking longer than anticipated, she arrived with time to spare. Which proved a godsend - it gave her time to look her best. Aside from wearing a few outfits over their previous hookups, Nikki had never really dressed up for Ryan. Now she had a chance to really wow him.

She felt the white top she wore really accentuated her finer feminine points. It was sleeveless and while it offered a low cut on the chest, it wasn't trashy. Coupled with her handbag, it was actually pretty stylish. Her white skirt likewise brought out her form without calling attention to herself. It hugged without making her feel confined. Which was a boon in this heat and humidity. She didn't need any unnecessary discomfort.

If only he hadn't tied their dinner with his client. She wasn't keen on sharing Ryan. But it was important to him. So it must be important to her. Besides, they would have the evening together after dinner.

"Hello there, gorgeous."

The familiar voice made Nikki twirl around on the spot. Ryan was approaching, still in work clothes but looking proper nonetheless. She moved in and returned his greeting with a hug.

Together they entered the restaurant. Ryan's client had made reservations for four in advance. Although their host wasn't there yet, they were seated at the booth end of a tableclothed table. After having been seated and drink orders taken, they engaged in small talk. Nicole noticed it was early for the restaurant as well. Since they were seated away from the main crowd, it wasn't terribly busy.

"How long until you think they arrive?" Nikki asked after sampling her margarita.

"It may be a bit. I like to get to these early. Maybe a bit earlier than necessary this time. Better than being late. Big no-no."

Nikki licked her lips. "Mmm. I think I know of one way to pass the time."

Her eyes darted about the room once more. With only one other couple seated a good ways from them, she felt comfortable proceeding. She slid down underneath the table. Ryan's familiar nervous chuckle served to embolden her. Scooting over slightly, she reached between his legs to his belt buckle, unfastening it.

Ryan's legs immediately became tense. A clearing of his throat followed. It only served to encourage Nikki. She fiddled with his trousers until she freed his limp dick. Quickly, her hands went to work. Caressing its length. Teasing the tip.

Sure enough, his cock stiffened with the work of her fingers. Once it was sufficiently hard, she took it in her mouth. Nikki was careful not to make a sound. She found this surprisingly inhibiting, as she envisioned getting all sloppy and wild underneath the table when she originally dreamt this up. But alas, she didn't want to get them kicked out or ruin his meeting. Nikki just wanted to have some fun.The twitching of his erect meat signaled she was doing a good job. Which she found important as he couldn't verbally encourage her or play with head as he was prone to when she sucked his dick.

Indeed, Ryan had been composed and quiet this whole time. There was no indication when a sudden lurch accompanied the release of his hot seed inside Nikki's mouth. She couldn't help but make a small yelp as the jizz splashed against the back of her mouth. Her mouth instinctively changed pace. Soon she was draining the last drops from his manhood.

Nikki held his jizz inside her mouth. Ryan could put away his own cock. Besides, Nikki wanted nothing more than to see the expression on Ryan's eyes as she sat back up and showed him her treasure. To let him watch as she once again let his essence slide down her throat.

"Hey! Hello Ryan! We're sorry we're so late."

"Mr. Mahajan! Hello!"

"No, please, please! Don't get up."

Nikki was frozen. Stuck kneeling, terrified. She quickly swallowed his seed. No point in showing off now. She had just left Ryan with his cock out just under the tablecloth. And how the hell was she going to explain being underneath it?

No one had sat down yet.

"Wife step out? No matter, you both have drinks. Listen, honey. I'm going to run to the bar, transfer the tab and get some drinks out here for us. The usual?"

"Yes, dear. Thank you."

A chair pulled back. A pair of feminine legs claimed the spot and scooted themselves in place, further enclosing Nicole's space.

"So, nice to meet you," came the voice which owned the legs.

"A pleasure as well."

Impulsively, figuring there was just one extra person to contend with, Nikki climbed up and back out onto the booth seat.

Nikki donned a smile. Which served in stark contrast to the lady's expression of surprise and Ryan's own quizzical and exasperated look.

"Hello! Nicole," Nikki said, extending her arm to shake the woman's hand. Which, she realized upon shaking, was just stroking Ryan's cock a moment ago. Turning to Ryan, she played up the part. "I'm sorry, I looked. I couldn't find it."

"Hi. Lisa Mahajan," the lady replied in kind.

"Nice to meet you." Nicole tried to remain cordial, but the taste of Ryan's cream still lingered in her mouth. The only solace found was in sipping from her glass.

"Ah good, we're all here! Rakesh. Very good to meet you." It was the voice of the man from earlier. Ryan's client host. A middle-aged man. Comparatively skinny, but with an energetic complexion only betrayed by the onset of wrinkles age bestowed him. He was dressed similar to Ryan. No doubt from leaving soon after work.

Lisa was about Rakesh's age, as best as Nicole could figure. Her skin had seen its share of sun. Yet she carried an energy about her that suggested a positive outlook on life. Heck, she even seemed flirtatious when conversing. Despite obviously being the youngest, Nicole didn't get the impression that it pigeon-holed her into a role at the table. This was a crowd she could get along with.

As dinner progressed, Rakesh and Ryan became engrossed in business talk. Soon, their conversation dominated the table. Lisa and Nicole exchanged awkward knowing looks that, while they'd love to chat, they needed to let their boys do their thing. Slowly, a sense of isolation gripped Nicole. As if she were a child at a grown up party. She repeatedly told herself that she wasn't alone; Lisa was clearly being relegated to the sidelines as well.

Nikki made her way through her plate in quick fashion. As the conversation was still dominated by the two gents, she took to opportunity to excuse herself to use the restroom. She was caught a bit off-guard when Lisa stood up and likewise excused herself.

Making their way together to the restroom, Lisa remarked, "Is he always like this too?"

Nikki smirked. "When he gets down to business, he gets very focused."

They used the facilities. Nikki went about washing her hands, with Lisa quick to follow. The only other lady in the room had finished up and made her way to the exit. As the door closed, Nikki was taken by a sharp pivot Lisa made on the spot.

"So, find what you were looking for under the table? You say you didn't, but my intuition tells me you did."

Nikki hesitated with the question. She felt as if a spotlight were shining on her. How much did Lisa suspect? Nicole squared up and faced her. Lisa's face was inquisitive, but without menace. Nevertheless her own heart raced as a creeping choke swelled in her throat.

"It's ok. You're not the only one here who has gone down on her man in public. Although," she paused. Lisa was eyeing Nikki up and down. Nicole could tell she was delicately searching for the right words. And she found herself absolutely terrified at what those words might be. "... is he your man?"

The sense of confident curiosity in her voice wasn't lost on Nikki. Lisa held up her left hand. The sparkle from the wedding ring hit Nicole like a thousand tiny darts. The realization of being caught left her paralyzed and unable to speak.

"So... A coworker? Mistress? Escort? I promise, I won't tell a soul."

Nikki swallow hard. She could lie. The thought of playing off as Ryan's daughter had crossed her mind earlier. But now that Lisa knows she was sucking Ryan off? Eww.

She swallowed hard. "I'm ... I'm his lover."

"He likes them young."

"I wouldn't say that. He likes me. My energy."

Her words caught Lisa's attention. She watched as Lisa continued eyeing her up and down. Was she making a comparison? She was spending a good deal of time on her figure. Wait, was she undressing her with her eyes?

"I can see why. I'm starting to like you too." Lisa cocked her head toward the door for a moment, as if she were expecting someone to burst in. Turning back to Nicole, she wore a friendly smile. "I want to ask you something..."

Some time later, the two made their way back to the table. Nikki was feeling relaxed. Relieved even. She came into this evening aiming to play the role of Ryan's partner. Not only did she succeed there, but she had even made a friend. Lisa had opened up and taken a liking to her. That made the evening all the more exciting.

The sight of their significant others still yammering over work issues took a bit of the pep out of Nicole. The two made sideways glances at each other and shared a laugh before returning to their seats. Apparently Ryan had her drink refilled. Whether it was out of being thoughtful or mindlessly agreeing to another at the waiter's suggestion did not matter much. She would enjoy it all the same.

"Well, damn, have we really been here this long?" Rakesh finally said to the group after checking his watch. He reached for the check at the end of the table. "I feel we really covered a lot of ground here. I'd like to discuss things even further, but at this point I think we've got a good structure for what our business needs. If your crew can implement those changes we discussed for tomorrow, then I think we'll be in a good position."

"Visually it may not be all there - it will take a little time for our interface crew to get the look and feel right. But like you said, the structure should be in. Graphics can follow up but the workhorse will be in place." Ryan turned to Nicole. "Sorry we got a little caught up there. You gals been ok?"

"Oh, we've been fine," Nikki replied.

"Just some girl talk," Lisa chimed in.

Nikki felt a smile light up her face. She looked over at Lisa, seeing a grin equally as big.

Twilight was well underway when they finally left the restaurant. Rakesh and Lisa headed back to their place while Nicole and Ryan stayed to explore the boardwalk at night. Ryan called his wife to let her know how things were going. Of course, Nicole was not part of the conversation. She was content on keeping her lips sealed as Ryan fulfilled his husbandly role.

Being so close to the beach gave the city a vibe Nikki really appreciated. If it were too much like her hometown, she might project the same hang-ups. Instead, she could relax and be free. To wrap her arm around Ryan. To feel his hand on her shoulder. Walking around openly. Spurn the secrecy, if but for a moment. To be the couple that she wanted them to be. All without fear.

The call of the ocean on this warm summer's night cried to Nikki. She suggested a stroll on the beach and Ryan agreed. Soon they were walking on the sand. The lights of the city shone dimly in the background. Aside from a few other couples and beach bums, it was just each other.

"So, worth the drive down?"

"Absolutely! In case I've been a bit shy in showing it, I've missed you. I miss us. Enjoying our youth. Watching you come out of your shell. If even for a moment." Nikki paused. An odd sensation washed over her. "It's weird. I knew the summer might be difficult. Kids around and schedules and such. But it's just been so long. As time went on, it just hit me so hard."

"It does strike me as weird. You've always struck me as independent. I mean, I get the desire for companionship. But you're a strong woman. You've got your whole life ahead of you and you don't need to be tied down. Not that we're tied down. Well, not us - our relationship."

Ryan chuckled. Hearing him chuckle warmed Nikki's heart. "I don't know if it's that I need. It's just, you know, nice to be thought of. Not just be some doll on a guy's shoulder. I can't tell you how many relationships I've been through like that. All through high school and my adult life. You know, a guy and I cross paths, and we're hot and heavy to start. Kinda like us," she said, ribbing him.

"But it always devolved into the same thing. We try to be a couple. And he'd lose interest. He'd still want to be seen with me and want to say he was dating me and such. But, like, spending time with me? Instead of his friends or his games? Would it kill to show maybe just a little spontaneous affection? It hurts, you know? Is it me? Do I make it so people don't want to spend time with me?"

"Well, in our case," Ryan said, with an assuring tone. "I do have to spend time with my family. If I'm disappearing for hours on end, it won't be long before the jig is up."

"I know, I know. But still, I felt echoes of past relationships when we were apart. It still cuts the same. At least I know it's different. You text. I get a phone call from time to time. You pursue me. Want to stay engaged with me. I mean, I love our sexy times. Knowing I am doing what your wife can't or won't. I get wet thinking about it. But, I get equally powerful butterflies when I see your messages. I wake up every morning waiting to see what you've said. Even something as simple as a good morning. It's part of me now. And I live for it."

Nikki snuggled against him as they made their way further down the beach. It was getting darker and more sparse. All the more reason to nuzzle up against her man. Ryan's hand came to rest on her head. Parting through her hair, he gave her scalp a gentle rub. She sighed, wanting to melt into him.

"I'll admit I look forward to your texts and calls too. I think back to when we first met. What you said about being old or young. And you're right. I feel young. I may still be figuring things out, but I feel as though I'm learning and growing as a person. I get those butterflies too. Knowing you want me as much as I want you. Sneaking off to take a selfie at home or the gym. It makes me feel alive. Like the thrill of the unknown with dating all over again. And it's all good stuff. I haven't felt like this in years."

"That's why I want to enjoy our time here. I feel we're more than fuckers. We help each other. Like that time I was sick and you brought me a care package and some soup? That was really sweet. I can't think of any other man in my life that has done that for me."

"You're worth it babe. You're smart. A quick and clever thinker. I'm happy to share myself with you."

Nikki smiled. She felt she needed to speak up to speak over the crashing waves. "I'm happy you're happy. I'm glad I'm making a difference in someone's life."

Ryan's hand descended down the back of her dress to her ass. She welcomed the grope with a wiggle of her cheeks. She brushed her head against him again as they continued their walk along the now deserted beach.

"You went down on me in a restaurant. With a client and his wife right there. And yet somehow you saved face and even seemed to hit it off with the missus. You're incredible. I'm lucky to have you in my life. Of course you're making a difference."

Nikki giggled. It was funny. She didn't want to feel like a child earlier at dinner. But here, alone with Ryan, she was happy to immerse herself in feeling like a kid who got away with doing something naughty.

"More than anything, I just wanted to taste you again. It's been so long!"

"It seems a little unfair that you weren't able to get relief yourself. Aren't your craving it, even a little bit?"

"Am I horny? Yeah. But I can exert a little self control. After all, I've got you all night."

Ryan slowed and stopped walking, but held on to her hand. Nikki came to turn around at lover, the faint glow of the city behind him. She pulled in closer to him and was quickly embraced by his left arm. His right hand shot between her legs, lifting up her skirt and finding her panties.

His fingers were quick to push them aside. Soon she could feel him teasing her labia - his eagerness coated in her wetness. She gasped, throwing her head back. As if on cue, Ryan leaned in and kissed her neck. Nikki couldn't help but moan. She lifted a leg, giving his hand better access. Together they slowly leaned back, until Nikki felt herself being pushed into the cool grains of sand by Ryan's body.

Struggling for a bit, Ryan lifted Nikki's skirt to better gain entry. She squirmed to help, shimming the skirt up her waist. She watched as his silhouette reached down and unleashed his cock from his pants. Not missing a beat, he positioned it at her womanhood and pushed. She wailed welcoming him, having too long been denied the pleasure of being filled by his meat.

He wasn't slow. No foreplay or teasing. He was on a mission to blow a load inside her. Nikki was enraptured. Thoughts of how often she had to be the initial actor swirled in her mind. From blowing him in the park to all the dress-up in his house. Now he was taking her by his own impetus. The roar of the waves crashing onto the beach encouraged him. Them. Her own moans and yelps were drowned out as the world enveloped their union.

Nikki laid there and took it. Her legs bounced wildly off to the side as he pounded her pussy. Her own fingers felt for something, anything, to grip as he thrust deeper inside.

The sand she dug into yielded no relief, only giving way as he eagerly pounded her deeper still. Unable to hold back weeks worth of craving any longer, she came on his prick. Hearing his determined, lust driven breathing meld with her own cries helped her ride her wave.

For having gotten off a few hours ago, he was quick to cum again. She felt his body tense. Then, with a triumphant roar, he unloaded inside her. Her body pushed further into the sand as his cock filled her pussy with his seed. Throwing her arms over his body, she dug her nails tenderly into Ryan's back as he convulsed on top of her.

His head came to rest beside hers. He was spent. She found satisfaction. Her man, emptied on the beach, his dick inside her. She ran her hands over his back, feeling him through his work shirt. No wife to account for. No other obligations. Just the two of them. It was a new sense of bliss. One she wanted to savor.

He eventually rolled off her. An impulse to ask what was going through his mind crossed Nikki's thoughts. She refrained. The moment felt so right for her. So perfect. Why ruin it with thoughts of family? Or even a generic statement about how they would have to head back for the evening? Getting up, she was happy to let their bond speak for itself. She adjusted her now soaked panties and secured her handbag. Ryan finally spoke up to help her brush the copious amounts of sand off her dress. It was difficult to say how they looked in the faint nighttime glow. Not that they cared. Their appearance was a small price to pay.

They meandered their way back to his hotel, chatting playfully along the way. She managed to shake off what sand she could once they were in his room. Nikki retrieved her nighty from her handbag. Ryan had dutifully set about to get ready for the evening as she quickly rinsed off and freshened up. With only her nighty to wear, she stepped out of the bathroom and enjoyed the pause Ryan gave upon seeing her. He complimented Nicole on looking beautiful. Instinctively she wanted to sarcastically respond. Her hair was disheveled. She still felt sand embedded in parts of her skin. Her nighty was a little skimpy, maybe, but she had more tempting pieces in her arsenal. Hell, he had seen a bunch, and every inch of her to boot.

It occurred to her that maybe this is how couples are. They build each other up, no matter how much there is to tear down. All she could do was stand there, a little dumbfounded, and thank him in kind.

Nikki climbed into bed next to Ryan as he shut off the lights. He spoke briefly about how his day was expected to play out tomorrow. Then he kissed her gently on the forehead and wished her a good night.

It was not long before he was out. Nicole found herself in an odd situation. She had slept with her share of guys in the past. Never with someone whom she had invested as much with as Ryan, though. Nor with someone who had invested as much of themselves in her. They weren't sharing a bed out of convenience of fucking. They were in bed together as partners. The notion that Nikki was fulfilling his wife's role both flustered and tickled her.

Although it took longer than she wanted, she eventually dozed off to sleep nestled alongside Ryan. After all, tomorrow was another day. Having now set up plans, it was shaping to be a big one.The sound of the door opening caused Ryan to awake with a snort. That unique, forceful sound of the hotel door closing made him sit up in bed. He was greeted with the sight of Nikki walking through the room. She carried a pair of coffees with her. A smile lit up her face once she saw him awake.

"Oh good! I wanted you to be able to sleep in. I was hoping I didn't wake you up when I stepped out."

"No, no," he sleepily replied. "I don't remember you getting out of bed."

Nikki set aside the cups and made her way towards him. He watched her as she walked along the side of the bed, leaned over him and kissed him on the forehead. "Good morning!"

Ryan sat up. This young woman, who was not his wife, went out and got some coffee for the two of them. Using his hotel room key, evidently.

On top of that, she seemed fully changed. Last night they had sauntered home, sand still falling from them. They had fucked on the beach, fulfilling a need of his that had been building for weeks. He had thrust into her on the sand with such ferocity that there was a sizable divot once they arose. Her white clothes had been browned - he hadn't afforded her the opportunity to disrobe. Not that she argued. Nikki clung to his arm with contented sighs the better part of the walk back to his apartment. Hell, she crawled into bed with him that night. Now she stood before him refreshed and sporting a different wardrobe.

"Good morning," he replied, snapping out of his trance. "Been out long?"

Nikki was walking back to her drink. She still sported that mischievous smile of hers. "Well... I wanted to get some coffee. Sorry, that continental breakfast crap doesn't cut it. And I figured, since I'm a few blocks away, I can just head to my place and quick change. Seeing as we kinda sullied my cute little outfit from last night."

Ryan chuckled. "Yeah. I'd like to think it'll come out."

"It's not a problem, dear. I think of it as a mark of honor."

Ryan got up, pulled on his shorts and joined her. The first sip of coffee helped give I'm a jolt. "Mmm. This is good."

Nikki had been watching him eagerly. Her elbows were on the table, hands clasped to support her chin. "I thought you might like it. It occurred to me in line that while I may have a sense for what you like, I don't totally know how you take your coffee."

"Spending my morning with a beautiful, thoughtful young lady? I think that's how everyone likes their coffee."

He shot Nikki a look as he took another sip. A smile shot to her face. She then turned her head playfully to the side, as of to say, 'You devil.'

"You are something though. I mean, one moment your underneath a table, sucking my cock, the next your making friends with my client's wife. We're doing it on the beach, and then next morning you're getting me some damn good coffee."

"Hmmm," she started, slowly enjoying a sip of her own. "It's almost like I enjoy spending my time with you."

"This must be a culmination for you. You and I, spending a moment together. No rush to satisfy our urges. Work isn't for a bit, being the weekend and all. Just you, me, and what's shaping up to be an incredible day outside. Simply us."

Nikki's eyes lit up as he spoke. She nodded somewhat maniacally.

They both enjoyed quiet sips from their coffees. As Ryan watched Nikki he got a sense that he was seeing a different side of her. She had always been bombastic. When they were together, she would not hesitate set the pace for the day. Now she was laid back. Almost vulnerable.

Ryan eventually broke the silence and asked Nikki what her plans for the day were. He was pleasantly surprised to hear that Nikki and Lisa were planning to get together.

"You're nothing short of amazing. You know that?"

Nikki flashed a smile as she took another sip. "What time do you think you'll be done? It is Saturday and all."

"I'll be at it all day. Rakesh won't take anything half-baked. But, with any luck, it'll be wrapped up by tonight. Then it'll just be you and me, babe." He downed the last of his coffee. As much as he wanted to savor it, time was ticking. "Speaking of which, I need to shower. Gotta call the wife yet and get some grub."

He got up and made for the bathroom. He felt a little sheepish about leaving Nikki behind. Thoughts of whether he should have given her a peck on the cheek or other signs of affection washed away as he showered and changed. Nikki was still at the counter in the middle of the room with her cup of coffee. She was definitely savoring it.

Ryan pulled out his phone and video called his wife. "Hey Sherri."

His wife looked as if she had just woken up. She was on their bed. He couldn't blame her. It was the weekend. "Hey dear. How's work?"

"Well, as I expected, they're really pushing the graphics on the interface. I keep telling them it's functionally sound and tailoring the engine to their needs is more important. But it's the same old story. Flashy lights. How're things at home?"

"Hmm. Kids are mulling about. I've still got a lot to do for that presentation next week. I forgot how mind-boggling this line of work can be. But, ugh... I want to spend some time outside too. Before it gets too hot."

She was using that nasally, whiny tone again. "Gardening?"

"Yeah." Sherri moved the camera as she sat up. "Hey, how's your room? Give me a tour."

That she had changed the subject and dropped her tone perked Ryan straight up. "I don't know. It's a pretty typical room. Windows. Bed. A little dining nook over here..."

As he moved the camera around, his caught Nikki in his peripheral vision.- still standing there at the counter. His jaw dropped and heart sank. The girl he had been cheating on Sherri with. Right. Fucking. There.

For a brief instant, Nikki simply stood there. It looked to Ryan that she was simply enjoying their little conversation. Then he saw her eyes light up with the realization that he was circling the phone camera around her way. In a blink, she ducked behind the counter.

At a loss for words, he continued his panorama of the room. His mind swirled. Did Nikki get down in time? Would Sherri suspect anything from the extra coffee cup on the counter? In either case, then what?

"Hmm. Looks a bit better than your last room," his wife commented nonchalantly.

Ryan chuckled. Coming full circle, he kept the camera fixed on him, using the window as a backdrop for the rest of the conversation. They discussed the kids summer plans and what needed to get done the next day when he returned. At some point Nikki emerged from behind the counter, her eyes still wide and wearing a smirk suggesting she was holding back a good laugh.

Soon enough, time came to say goodbye. "I love you, honey," he said with a smile.

"Mm hmm. You have a good day."

The call ended. As if on cue, Nikki let loose a fit of giggles. She started making her way over to him. "Oh my God. Do you think she saw me?"

"I don't think so. Still, that was closer than I like."

Nikki wrapped her arms around him and rested her head on his shoulder. Being this close, Ryan could catch whiffs of ocean spray and the beach. Of sun induced sweat trapped in her hair. He supposed he expected the floral scents he would faintly pick up when they began meeting at his house months earlier. Or that vanilla perfume she wore from time to time. But what he smelled now was as distinctly Nikki as all the other scents. And he rather enjoyed it.

"My little secret."

Ryan returned her embrace. A gentle coo rewarded him as she nuzzled him further. Nikki was pressing her full body against his. There was no pretense of temptation or teasing. Just tenderness. A side of Nikki of which Ryan was not wholly familiar with. Knowing she was opening herself up even more to him warmed his heart.

"Your dirty little secret," she said after a moment. "Speaking of which, I was hoping to shower here. I know you have to head out to work soon. Mind if I hold on to your keycard?"

"Um, yeah, I suppose. If you'll be in the area. Not that I can imagine a need to come back during the day. But, so long as you'll be around to let me in if I need to.'

"Of course, sweetie!"

Ryan gave himself one last good look in the mirror. Nikki had taken the opportunity to gather his laptop and necessities. He found her waiting by the door, smiling. She struck him as reminiscent of a fifties housewife trope - with the trappings a young modern woman brings. He thanked her as he made for the door, gave her a peck on the cheek and was on his way.

Once with Rakesh at his office, he settled into the rhythm of the workday. He had his own space to work, which he appreciated. A good number of his crew back home were working with him, submitting updates to keep the project flowing. From time to time Rakesh would pop in to go over things in person.

Still, Ryan's mind wandered. What if Nikki had been spotted? Maybe that was her intent the whole time? Perhaps the look of terror on his face made her reconsider. But he could totally see Nikki tackling Sherri with a mindset of 'I'm with your hubby now and there's nothing you can do about it.' In some ways, he was surprised she had not made such a move earlier. Then again, maybe she really enjoyed being a dirty little secret?

Nikki sure was being more affectionate with him though. From how close she was to him during last night's walks on the beach to her morning nuzzles and coffee. It was almost like they were a couple.

The two met for lunch not far from the office. He didn't have long - he wanted to finish as much as he could that day. The fast food ordered reflected this hurried state. Still, Nikki was all smiles. She mentioned that although they had been texting, she wasn't expecting to meet with Lisa until later. Their shopping date was still on, and that made everyone happy.

Work trudged into the evening. Progress came readily. By the end of the workday, both he and Rakesh were happy with what they had. Ryan could put some polish on it, but at least he could give his crew the rest of the weekend off. Heading off to a coffee shop, he grabbed a bite to eat and set about refining his work.

He texted Nikki to let her know he'd be a bit later than hoped, and not to wait up. Then he video chatted with his wife. He had hoped to see his kids, but they were out and about.

It was twilight when he made it to the hotel. Nikki had texted that she was back in the room. He looked forward to a change and getting refreshed before spending another night on the town with Nikki. She had mentioned clubbing - he didn't know how he would hold up. An older man with his arms around a younger lady. But he was feeling young and ambitious. He need only leave his inhibitions at the door.

He knocked on his hotel room door to let her know he was back. It opened to the vision of Nikki wrapped in white, see-through lingerie. She was posed with one arm over her head to brace the wall. Her head was cocked slightly, allowing her hair to dance as it dangled. The outfit teasingly cupped her breasts, accentuating the softness of her cleavage. Her little number hugged her body down to her waist. A matching pair of panties was the only other piece worn. It both highlighted her hips and bubbly ass. Yet it was those eyes that caught his gaze. Coupled with the smile greeting him, Ryan found himself both speechless and enraptured.

"Hi, sexy. C'mon in..."

Her soft voice lingered in his ears as she turned and sauntered back to the room. Ryan was quick to follow. Only in his dreams was he ever greeted like this. He sheepishly worried that a passerby might have caught a glimpse. Regardless if one had, the door clicked behind him. That would no longer be a concern. He made to put his laptop and belongings on the counter, where he briefly noticed two bottles of wine. Loosening his tie, he made to catch up with his sultry girlfriend.

That was when he beheld the most incredible sight his lust-driven mind could imagine. Nikki had taken a seat on the bed, turning to face him. One hand had patted a space on the bed for him. The other came to rest on the thighs of Lisa. She too donned a matching white number. It left nothing to the imagination. The shape and contours of her body were now known to him. Her tits, although subject to the passage of time, still complimented her body underneath the thin fabric. The smile she wore was inviting. Yet there was also an inquisitiveness to it, as if Lisa were sizing him up.

"You're right Nicole, he is a hard working man. Have a seat, Ryan. You could use a little R&R."

No sooner had he sat down that Nikki got to work, unbuttoning his shirt. She had leaned in to do so, making moans akin to purrs as she did so. Once the last button was unclasped, she lifted away his collared shirt and quickly went to work pulling his undershirt over his head. A smattering of kisses soon fell upon Ryan's exposed chest.

Lisa stood up and leaned in with the two. Her hands were placed on her thighs, allowing for her breasts to dangle in full view. "That's a good little kitten, Nicole. She knows how to treat you right, doesn't she, Ryan? Although, from what she's told me, tonight is going to be a night for you to remember."

She perched herself behind Nicole, softly kissing her shoulder. Nikki pulled back from Ryan's chest, arching her back and her neck. Lisa replied in kind by softly kissing the side of her neck, before lifting her hand to Nikki's far cheek. With a gentle turn of her head, the two kissed. Nikki's hand likewise made for Lisa, coming to rest on her forearm.

Ryan watched bewitched as his girlfriend made out with Lisa. The tenderness of their kisses, combined with the audible smacking of their lips aroused his senses. His cock grew hard as he saw their feminine graces make out.

He also found himself at a disadvantage. He had never made out with two chicks before. And one was his client's wife! If Rakesh found out about any of this, it would be the end. He'd be out of a job. Sherri would drop his sorry ass for sure. Would Nikki still want him if he weren't married anymore? If he failed so epically?

The sound of someone clearing his throat behind him startled Ryan. He turned around. To his horror, he saw Rakesh sitting in the corner. He stood up with a jolt.

"Baby," Nicole quickly interjected. Both her hand and Lisa's came to rest on his chest, their gentle touch straightening him. He looked down at them both. A sense of lust and desire flowed from the scene. Their breathing and the energy between them did not lie. Looking back to the corner, he was able to observe Rakesh. He was seated lackadaisically. As if to watch a show. His pants were unbuttoned, but very much still on. He nodded to Ryan, as if it were his way of encouraging him to partake.

Ryan looked inward. If he was to leave his inhibitions at the door, then he needed to do just that.

Reaching down, he began stroking Nikki's hair. She moaned once more. He felt her hand trail down to his belt, joining the other. Unclasping it, the sound of his belt sliding through hoops and off his waist signaled in the air what was to come.

Lisa stood up. Ryan motioned an arm towards her. She met it and helped guide it to her chest. His hand feeling her breasts, she encouraged him to explore her curves. He noticed her close her eyes as his fingers found her nipple, already hardened in arousal.

Nikki pulled his pants and shorts down. Her hands gripped his dick. With long strokes she worked his cock. Ryan felt himself growing longer and harder with every tug. He thought back to his previous erections. Nikki was a clear winner in making him hard. Only now, he felt as if his stiffness might get painful if it were any more engorged.

"Mmm. You've already had some. It's my turn," Lisa said in a sing-song voice. She knelt down in place of Nikki, who had stood up and positioned herself behind Ryan. The sensation of his girlfriends' tits pressing against his back delighted him as Lisa positioned herself.

Looking up at Ryan, Lisa swallowed the length of his meat. A delighted moan escaped as she reached the hilt of his member. She began motioning on his cock, her lips keeping a seal on his meat.

"God, do I look that sexy when I suck you?"

Nikki began kissing his shoulder and forearm. Ryan figured she was watching Lisa as she downed his cock. Reaching behind with his arm, he found Nikki's thighs. Following them between her legs, he began fingering Nikki through her panties. A greedy groan escaped from Nikki, accompanied with a deep breath and a calming moan.

"How wet is she?" Lisa asked a moment later.

"Oh, she's getting pretty wet, I'd say."

"Yeah," Nikki chimed in.

"Good. On the bed, little girl. Mommy wants a taste."

Nikki did a little strip tease, slowly pulling her top off over her head and then shimmying her panties to the floor. Ryan got a sense that she might be a little hesitant as she crawled onto the bed. Her ass and tits were on full display for the others in the room to see. She came to the edge of the bed and leaned back, coming to rest with her elbows propping her up on the sheets. Instinctively her legs spread as Lisa approached.

"So cleanly shaven. You young kids are always so impeccably smooth. I'm going to enjoy this."

Lisa dived in, her hands grasping Nicole's hips as she began eating her out. Nikki released a muffled moan as Lisa's head bobbed between her thighs. Ryan observed her facial expressions for a moment as Lisa went to work. He appreciated how her body gently writhed in reaction to the tongue lapping at her pussy. She was a beauty to behold.

Fully erect, Ryan walked behind Lisa. Her ass simply jutted out, begging to be used and fucked. He had half a mind to do so. Yet he decided to savor this moment and not peak too soon.

Kneeling behind Lisa, he was welcomed with a raise of her hips to the air and slight spread of her legs. Ryan grasped a cheek, allowing his middle finger to feel for any dampness. With an impression that she was getting juicy, he used his hands to slide off her panties. Lisa's exposed pussy awaited him. It wasn't cleanly shaven like Nikki's, trimmed and ready to be enjoyed. He spread her cheeks for better access. Closing his eyes and taking a breath, he dove in.

Ryan was pleasantly surprised at the sweet taste that met his tongue. Lisa pushed gently back against him. He responded by burying his face against her snatch. The sound of coos and moans, stemming from this woman and his girlfriend getting their pussies eaten out tickled his ears.

"He's a very hungry boy. Maybe we should feed him," Ryan heard Lisa remark. He heard Nicole respond with a light giggle and panted breath.

Lisa pulled forward from Ryan. His mouth was left dripping with her juices. Nicole remained laying on the bed, her head on the side, already consumed in rapture. Crawling on the bed, Lisa settled alongside Nikki. She turned to Ryan and gestured with a finger to approach.

"Slide your dick in. I want to watch you fuck her."

He saw Nikki straighten her head as he approached the side of the bed. That mischievous smile he had seen so many times was partly hidden behind strands of hair dangling over her face. Her legs were already splayed. Waiting for him to lie over her.

Instead, Ryan grabbed her ankles and pulled her toward him. Nikki's gasp filled the air as he brought hoisted his capture up to his shoulders. Freeing one hand, he guided his erection to her slit. Giggles of genuine surprise gave way to moans of pleasure he sank his cock inside.

"God, Ryan," Nikki whimpered. "Finally. You're mine. All mine."

Lisa stood up alongside Ryan. In swift motion, she disrobed and came to help keep Nicole's feet hoisted. "Look at her tight, young pussy swallowing your cock. You must like them young."

"Being young has nothing to do with it," Ryan replied, burying his cock balls-deep inside Nikki. "It's about not getting old. Enjoying life. And the pleasures that come with it."Nicole gasped as he spoke. Looking at her face, it was as if she were about to cum. Ryan soaked in the moment, with Nikki's legs against him. Feeling how they yielded. How it must be for her - having the desire to enclose her legs around him, only to be denied by his and Lisa's hands.

"You like that, don't you?" Lisa asked, turning to Nikki. He felt a hand rub on his chest. "The life you're leading. His strong cock filling you. Everything you go through in life - the judgmental looks, trials of being a young woman out in the world. It's for this moment of rapture. Isn't it?"

Nikki closed her eyes and arched her back, pressing herself further onto his shaft as he slid in and out of her slick pussy. The whimpering was becoming more audible. Her sexual energy all evening suggested just how worked up Nikki was. He could tell from experience that she was about to come. The quiver in her voice as well as her legs announced it to him. Ryan knew she wouldn't have built herself up so quickly if she didn't want it. He gave her what she craved, pounding away as her cries reached a crescendo. Once she hit her climax he slowed, enjoying her snatch clamping on his cock as she rode her orgasm.

"So beautiful," Lisa chimed.

Ryan leaned in. His slid his hands down Nikki's trembling thighs to her ass, before resorting to using an arm to brace himself over her glowing form. He leaned in and kissed the side of her neck, enjoying the tiny yelps still escaping from his girlfriend. They had been like this before. It seemed like a common occurrence in their relationship. Yet he couldn't fault her. There was a heightened sense from being watched. Lisa being right there and her husband in the corner.

After a moment in their semi-cuddled state, Ryan received a nudge at his side. He looked over to see Lisa gesturing that he roll off. He slid out of off Nikki, still wonderfully erect. His girlfriend seemed to be coming to as he laid down beside her, inquisitive as to what would happen now that he pulled out. Lisa crawled between her legs. Again lowering herself, she began licking at Nikki's slit. The combination of moans, a cocktail of sensitivity and hunger, tickled Ryan's senses.

"You're so good, baby. Your cream, mmmm."

Taking in the vision of this woman feasting on his girlfriend's snatch mesmerized Ryan. When he did break from watching, he turned to Nikki. She was semi-propped up, herself watching with a face of awe.

"What do you think, having another woman eating you out?" Ryan asked. Nikki's labored affirmation conveyed her level of pleasure.

"You're enjoying it too. Don't deny it," Lisa smugly said, pulling up for a moment.

"I wouldn't dare. I'm beside myself that I get to spend the evening like this with two such incredible women."

Lisa pulled away with a satisfied moan. "You deserve it. You're girl here has told me about how awesome you are. Tonight, we want you to imbibe yourselves in our heavenly nectar. You are our Adonis. Let us be your Persephone and Aphrodite. Take us, and become all that you are meant to be."

She crawled over Ryan as she spoke. Stradling his torso, Lisa reached between her legs and grasped his stiffness. He relaxed, enjoying how Lisa hovered her wet pussy over his meat. Out of his periphery he noticed her turn her head across the room. He turned his head slightly as well. He could make out just a portion of Rakesh in the distance, nodding in approval. Blocking his view was Nikki, whose eyes were transfixed on the pair. Her mouth was agape with anticipation, unconsciously licking her lips.

Looking down, Lisa smiled. Ryan saw she too wore a familiar, mischievous grin. With an trembling moan, she lowered herself onto him. And so, Ryan penetrated the warmth of a woman to whom he was not betrothed.

The air swelled with the sounds of Lisa bouncing on his cock. Even Ryan was compelled to chime in with a peppered guttural comment. Before he met Nikki, he never would have pictured himself in such a situation. Reading her face as he fucked her new friend, he could tell Nikki felt the same. The sight she saw likewise must have been mind-blowing. It was all so new and incredible. Another woman taking his cock. A part of him inside simply laughed. With Lisa slowly riding, he took his time and enjoyed the pleasures of both women in front of him.

Nikki sat up. With a cat-like prowl she approached the two. Lisa extended a hand to her face, caressing her features. Ryan watched as the two glanced and looked at each other. It was as if they were speaking with mere darts of their pupils flicks of eyelashes. Suddenly Lisa made to grip the back of Nikki's head. She guided his girlfriend to her breast. Embracing her torso, Nikki took her tit in her mouth. Her suckling was met with even more moaning; Lisa throwing her head back spoke volumes of her sensation. It encouraged Nicole further, her mouth now exploring more of her breast. Her hands familiarizing themselves with Lisa's softness. For this moment, she had become their playground.

"You must love riding, hm?" Lisa asked, looking down and turning her attention to Nikki. "Such a hard body to ride against. You two must have an awful lot of fun."

"I do," Nikki replied, still attending to her breasts. "He likes it when you grind you hips."

"Oh?" Lisa began doing just that. Her hypnotic swaying both taunted Ryan's cock and provided a feast for his eyes.

Nikki sat back, watching the motion. "Yeah, that's good. Kinda likes it faster though."

Lisa gave a look toward Nikki before grinding more quickly. She was losing herself more to the moment, her controlled beathing giving way to panting. Her hands made for her hair, fluffing it skyward and letting it cascade around her.

"Like that?"

"Kinda..." Nikki replied. "I dunno. Want me to show you? Would that be ok, honey?"

They both looked at each other. Lisa smiled and dismounted Ryan. Nikki scooted over and locked eyes with Ryan.

"Are you good to go again, babe?" Ryan asked.

"I've been dreaming of this moment, darling. Let me show you guys how it's done."

Nikki grabbed his cock. Without buildup or pretense she descended on his cock. The residual wetness from cumming earlier allowed Ryan penetration, but she wasn't as slick. There was a fair deal of wincing on Nikki's part. Not that it would be a problem for long. Grinding herself on him quickly made her juicy again.

Youthful exuberance was on full display once she got going. Ryan was amazed with the energy she was fucking him with. Nikki had swayed her hips on him in the past. She wasn't wrong in suggesting it was one of his favorite positions. But even this performance set a high bar for her. Nikki went from being able to rock her hips while keeping her torso steady to full out body contortions in alignment with motion. Ryan could see that Lisa was tempted to partake. Be part of their collective sexual energy. Yet Nikki was going at it with such abandon that Lisa could only hold back and watch, hypnotized by the fluid motion in which Nicole fucked.

Ryan encouraged Nicole with some dirty talk. Rock those hips. Show her how to fuck. You such a slut for cock. He could tell she heard him. Her ebullient smile and energetic fucking was all the proof he needed. She tried to meet his comments with retorts of her own - only for a mess of sounds to babble forth through clenched teeth. Finally she forfeited any sense of being understood.

"Fuck me you fucking stud. Make me cum. Make me cum! You're making me cum!"

Again she cried to the air, a mix of yelps more audibly projected, as she convulsed on him. Like a vice she gripped his cock, tempting him to erupt. It took some concentration, aided by the reality that they weren't alone, but Ryan was able to hold off on cumming just yet. Together they rode her orgasm. He served as a cushion as she fell and collapsed on him, her climax proving too intense to hold out against.

"My, my, my," Lisa softly said as she approached the two lovers. She examined their sex - her winking pussy and his rock hard, glistening cock. "And you still haven't come!"

Ryan chuckled. "No, not yet."

"Am I doing something wrong?" Nikki asked, exasperated.

Another chuckle. "No, no! You're incredible. I just, I dunno. You're getting me close. Just not there yet."

"Well, I'm afraid I am a bit too old to fuck like that," Lisa admitted. "But after watching you two, I need it. Now."

Lisa got on all fours, facing her husband. Ryan could see now that Rakesh was pantsless, slowly stroking his cock. It wasn't a sight he ever expected to see. Yet nothing tonight was anything he ever expected. His wife presented her ass in the air. She cocked her head over her shoulder. "Fuck me."

Nicole rolled off to his side. No doubt Lisa's words had stroked her curiosity. She looked over at Lisa for a moment. Then she turned toward Ryan. She was still exhausted from having come so hard. Her mouth was parted, panting. Ryan was uncertain she could speak if she wanted to. Nonetheless she nodded, telling Ryan to make his claim.

Ryan got up and walked around the bed toward Lisa. She too was panting - not from exhaustion but anticipation. The view of her glistening pussy waiting for him was a temptation he had no intention of ignoring. Kneeling down behind her, he guided his erection to her entrance. Looking up, he looked again at Rakesh. He was stroking faster now, his own breathing audible in the din. There were no reservations written across his face. Rakesh was watching another man about to take his own wife from behind, and he was loving it.

Lisa growled as Ryan pressed his manhood inside her. He met the sound with his own tempered roar. His penetration was deliberate, enjoying every inch of his length piercing her. If there was one advantage to doggy-style, Ryan thought, it was that he felt he could get his deepest in this position. An advantage he sought to enjoy. Her own reactions, from flexing her shoulders to twirling her head suggested she too wanted to take it slow and feel how far he could press.

"Fuck, Rack," Lisa cried once he had buried his girth fully inside her. "You see this? This is how a real man fucks. Just takes his woman and fills her up with his juicy hard cock."

Ryan made out Rakesh raspy reply of "Fuck yeah," as he began thrusting. He grabbed Lisa's hips. They were begging to be controlled. She briefly lowered her head before looking back up at her husband.

"He's so fucking deep in me. He could blow his load in me at any moment. You'd like that, wouldn't you? A real man filling me up with his seed. His strong sperm swimming inside, oozing out of my precious little cunny. You get off on seeing that, don't you?"

Rakesh did not respond. Ryan saw that he was beating his meat faster and faster. He didn't quite understand it. Nor did he care. Ryan reveled being the object of craven desire.

Nicole walked up alongside Ryan. She placed one hand on his shoulder, watching him plow away. The other caressed his chest and torso. He turned to look at his girlfriend, who gazed at his cock sliding in and out of Lisa's pussy.

"I never get to see it like this. It's so hot. You're really giving it to her."

"Yeah," Ryan grunted. He had held out this long but could feel the urge to burst building inside. "I won't lie, it feels so good pushing all the way deep in her."

"Fucking fill me," Lisa grunted, her voice likewise grunting. "I want it deep. I want to take all of your cock."

"Mmm, I know, girl," Nicole said, pulling away from Ryan and slowly sashaying toward Lisa's receptive frame. "I've taken him so many times. Feeling his cock swelling inside me. Splitting me. Being overcome with joy knowing I'm the focus of his relief."

Nicole knelt beside Lisa, whose panting now favored labored moaning. There was a stress in the way she said 'I'm' to Lisa. As if it were code. Nikki extended a hand to stroke her face while another reached underneath, cupping Lisa's dangling breasts.

"You want it too, don't you? You want to be his little cumslut. To know how good it feels to get him off. It's ok. I understand."

Watching Nicole close her eyes and lower her head unleashed a primal element in Ryan. The sensual manner in which the two locked lips only fueled his lust. The sound of Lisa's juices splattering around his manhood was only matched by the moans the two women made in their embrace. His libido now given fresh fuel and running at full bore, his tempo increased, making to stake his claim.

"Fuck! Oh fuck! You're going to make me cum! I'm cumming!"

Lisa's vociferous shouting was met with a body wide tremble. Nicole pulled back as she yelled, her mouth still agape as she watched her friend cum on his cock. She kept her hand cupped on her breast, seemingly playing with her nipples as Lisa gushed on his cock.

Ryan slowed down. There was a craven joy in watching this otherwise composed woman lose it on his rock-hard dick.

"That's good, girl. That's so good." Nicole's eyes followed Lisa's bent frame to her ass, where Ryan's hands still gripped his prize. "Was it good for you, lover? Cumming in a married woman?"

Ryan was catching his own breath. "I haven't cum yet."

"What?" Nicoled yelled. She turned her head to Lisa, whose moan contained a hint of sadness behind it. Her head flipped back to Ryan's. Hair flung around her face, no longer aglow from her own orgasms. Rather, she sported that look of determination he had come to know so well.

Nicole knelt on all fours alongside Lisa, who was slowly coming to rest on the floor. She presented herself to Ryan. "Take me. Fuck me like the slut I am. Make me yours."

Ryan shifted over. Grabbing his juice-soaked cock, he guided it to Nicole's pussy. "You want it another time, baby?"

"Fuck me."

He slid in to her welcoming folds once more. Bearing a soaked cock helped, but as before it was only a moment before Nikki's juices were flowing again. Securing his hips, he pressed deep into her lithe frame. Once his length was slick he resumed his eager, pounding tempo.

"That's it. That's it, honey. I'm your little slut."

"That's right, bitch. You love my cock. You want nothing more than to bounce on it, don't you?"

"I live for it, my love. Fuck me. Destroy me! Just make me yours, and you'll be all mine!"

Ryan growled. Reaching forward, he grasped Nicole's forearm. Giving her just a moment to realize his intentions, he yanked back, arching her back slightly and lifting her other hand off the ground. Finding that he could now hold her weight between his arm and his pelvis, he reached and grasped her other forearm. Pulling them back, he slid his wrists down to meet hers, allowing her to dangle precipitously as he held them. At the whim of his grip and his bulging cock, he resumed thrusting into his prey.

Feeling Nikki shift and adjust to her new predicament only served to reinforce the reality that she was impaled on his cock. Her cries of shock and ecstasy saturated the room and tickled his ears. She made it known that she was indeed his slut. His whore. A trophy for him to enjoy. Lisa sat up alongside Nikki, indicating she wanted to touch but unable to given the pounding she was enduring.

"That's right. You are mine. You've always thought you had me at your whim. That you could waltz through my half. Move around the pieces in my life. You failed to realize that I need only capture you. Conform you. You may have ambition still, but your pussy craves only me. Yes, you are mine. To have. To hold. To fuck!"

Nikki's words again were reduced to a babbling mess. It brought a smile to Ryan's face. Plowing away, he felt himself ready to burst. He wasn't sure if Nikki had come. It didn't matter. His load was going to blow now. Leaning forward, he released Nikki to the floor as gently as he could. Pulling out, he grabbed his cock and approached Lisa's face. There was a hint of hesitation, but she shot up a glance at him with a deliberate lick of her lips.

"Oh, God, yes! Cover me."

Lisa opened her mouth in anticipation of his warmth. He was jerking his cock franticly, the combined juices of her and his girlfriend's sex coating his manhood. Nikki crawled next to her friend. Inching closer, Ryan positioned the head of his cock inches from their faces.

"Anoint us with your manliness. Coat us with you cum!"

Ryan clenched. His first load shot out, splattering over Lisa's wicked smile. They both gasped and released their sultry, pleasant tones as his milky essence erupted from his tip. Directing his prick toward Nikki, he pressed his twitching manhood against her face, pumping the next couple of wads onto her. Drunk in his revelry, he offered words of encouragement as he slapped her face with his dick, before turning his attention again to Lisa, who promptly took the head of his mouth in hers.

When she had adequately drained his cock, Lisa took a finger to aid in moving the cum on her face toward her mouth. Once collected, she turned her attention to Nikki. Ryan eyes followed as Lisa licked cum off his girlfriend's face. Still exasperated, Nikki giggled faintly.

Lisa wasn't thorough, but she did collect a fair amount of cum off Nicole's face. After a moment, Lisa cupped both of her hands around Nikki's cheekbones. Standing up, she leaned overhead. Mouth agape, she motioned with a nod. Nikki responded with suspenseful eyes, yet her mouth opened wide. A glob of white dripped from Lisa's mouth, landing squarely in Nikki's. More drooled out, greeted with a simple moan as it came to rest in Nikki's waiting mouth.

"Don't hog it all, baby. Mommy's hungry."

Kneeling in front of Nikki, Lisa awaited wide-mouthed ready to receive. Nikki stood up, pushing strands of hair back as she positioned herself over her friend. There was some hesitancy. But soon Ryan watched as a wad of his load emerged from Nikki's mouth, mixed with the spit of both girls' spit, and plopped back into Lisa's gaping hole.

"Yes! Of fuck yes!" cried Rakesh from his seat. Ryan looked over and watched as Rakesh jerked out a load of his own. His hand and thighs were soon painted with globs of his own cum - watching his wife and Ryan's girlfriend exchanging cum. Ryan looked back. The two women didn't seem to miss a beat. Lisa had his cum now, standing up alongside Nikki. They embraced, their hands holding the back of each other's head as they kissed. The thought of his load swapping between the two as they made out transfixed Ryan. He stood there staring, lost in the moment.

"There is nothing better in the world, my friend," Rakesh called out. "Two women. Loving one another. Loving another man. Sharing his love between them. Drinking in that love. It is a beautiful thing. I live for it."

Ryan figured Rakesh was talking to him. He wasn't certain how to react to it. In his post-nut state, Ryan was no longer the possessed, lust-fueled creature he was a moment ago. The hesitant nature he had checked at the door returned now that his raging member deflated. Besides, he had just fucked Rakesh's wife, covered her face with his seed that she proceeded to cum kiss with in front of everyone. Rakesh was a big client of his to boot. Not knowing how to respond, he continued to just stand there, dumbfounded with what just happened.

Lisa and Nikki parted from their kiss, strands of cum falling from their lips as they parted. They eyed each other for a moment before Lisa turned her attention to her husband. "Did you enjoy the show, honey?"

"You were incredible, my love," Rakesh responded, patting the armrest of his chair. Lisa sauntered over, her hips swaying. She knelt in front of Rakesh, her hands coming to rest on his thighs. Both Ryan and Nikki watched as Lisa licked up the puddles of Rakesh's cum, sat on his lap and proceeded to share a deep kiss with her husband.

Figuring there were some things he may never understand, Ryan extended a hand to help Nikki up. Together, they made their way to the edge of the bed. Lisa arose and asked if everyone would like a glass of wine. Making for the counter, she began pouring their chasers."So Ryan, Nicole, how long have you two been together?" asked Rakesh.

Nikki had just nuzzled her head against Ryan's chest. She looked up at him with big, pouty eyes. This one was all on him. "We get along so well, it feels like forever."

"Yes, yes. I get that impression. You both have a good dynamic. You make a good couple. It's been hard finding couples like you."

"I meant to ask," Ryan began asking. He paused for a moment, wondering if it was a question he really should be asking. Seeing as he already started, he couldn't stop now. "I take it you guys are swingers. Is this ... normal for you?"

Lisa answered, handing them their wine glasses. "Well, it's more of a hotwife situation. I like the occassional bull, and he enjoys watching. To your point, I loved it. And you should know, it was Nicole's idea to surprise you. She really sold it, once we got to talking. We all figured to play along."

"She's a clever one, Ryan. You found a good one to marry. You and I, we are both very lucky fellows."

Ryan made to correct Rakesh, but both his train of thought and Nikki's hand dancing on his chest paused him long enough to let the opportunity pass. Instead, the conversation turned to Lisa and Rakesh's poor luck in finding couples of late. How they had a dry spell, and how happy they were that Nicole and Ryan were receptive to the idea of playing.

"And the energy you bring, Nicole. Coupled with his experience." Lisa drew a long sip of wine from her glass. "Just so refreshing."

Eventually the night grew long and the Mahajans needed to head back. Ryan felt awkward shaking Rakesh's hand and giving him a bro-hug, but the client seemed happy to do so. Nikki and Lisa shared one last embrace before the married couple left the room.

"The things you say when you're in heat!" Nikki chirped, once the door closed.

Ryan thought back for a moment. He did prattle on about making Nicole his slut. "Yeah, well, given the circumstances, I felt I needed to assert myself. Besides, you had some interesting things to say yourself, didn't you?"

"What? That's what the say in pornos, isn't it? 'Do me hard!' 'Make me cum!' Stuff like that. I thought you'd like it."

"I did, that's true," he replied. He knew that's not quite what she said. Again he resisted making a correction. He didn't see it changing anything. Seeing as Nikki introduced him to his first threesome, Ryan wasn't about to stir up any trouble.

Nikki threw on her slip and cuddled up with Ryan in bed. They chatted about their experience for an hour or so. Of past experimentation and daydreams, but neither realizing anything like they just underwent.

"Rakesh seems pretty convinced we're married."

Nikki giggled. "Yeah. Lisa knows. Don't worry. She'll keep mum. She's doesn't want to interfere with business. Apparently they hadn't played in a while and she had a bad itch to scratch."

"That explains a fair bit."

"Still, he seems like a nice guy. Said you have a good partner in me. You're a lucky guy!"

"Don't I know it!" Ryan chuckled. "He is right though. You have so much potential. You're smart. Creative. You seem to blossom in high-pressure situations."

He looked Nikki over. She was trying to read him, but was struggling. "What are you getting at?"

"I'm not getting at anything. But for someone of your talents, I feel you could be doing more than cleaning houses. I could totally see you in HR or as a Product Outreach Coordinator where I work. You know - a pretty face to soften the client and the brains to keep them engaged. Frankly, we could use someone like you."

"Oh, c'mon. I don't know the first thing about Human Resources or Products and such."

"They'd train you. You'd do well. It's not like you need a college degree at that level." He paused. "Although, to be honest, I'm surprised you didn't attend university."

"Actually, I tried. It just wasn't meant to be."

They chatted well into the night. Of their college ambitions and missed opportunities. How their passions had come to fade over time, and how they had the other to thank for reigniting them.

As time passed, they both found themselves tired. Partly from the day. Partly from the wine. Soon enough, they drifted off to sleep.

That night, Ryan dreamt. Of he and the kids getting home from school and work. Everyone excited for a baseball game later that night. Only it wasn't Sherri by his side. It was Nikki. More conservatively clothed. More motherly. But definitely her feisty self. Prepping dinner. Piling into the car. Taking in the game, holding hands and sharing glances with each other over the course of the game. Heading back, seeing the kids off to bed. Snuggling on the couch, his hands mindlessly playing with her strands of hair while some distraction shone on the television. Until they would head upstairs. Caressing. Disrobing. Feeling. Yielding.

Ryan woke with a start. It was enough to jostle Nicole awake as well. He passed it off as nothing, insisting things were fine and feeling his girlfriend drift back to sleep. Still, the imagery reverberated for a while. Ryan was left wondering which was more disturbing - whether he thought more of Nikki than his wife, or that he might prefer it that way.

Calming down, Ryan too drifted off to sleep. When he awoke, it was to the sensation of divine pleasure. Nikki was slobbering on his shaft. Her hand gripped the base while her lips bobbed rhythmically on his length. Ryan simply relaxed. Morning wood never felt so good. He reciprocated with moans of his own, encouraging Nikki further.

When finally he came, he burst without telling Nikki. A muffled 'Mmm," escaped as her mouth received his warm load. Her lips enclosed around his pulsing cock, Nikki darted her wide eyes toward his. The read of genuine surprise written on them proved indulgent as he exhaled in pleasurable release.

Having drained his seed from him, Nikki plopped off. Ryan watched as her throat convulsed, his essence sliding down within her. Another load claimed that by all rights should have been for his betrothed. Yet since the time they have known each other, it was with Nikki that he consummated a relationship. What did that make her?

As he pondered, Nikki slithered towards him. She gave him a peck on the cheek and nuzzled alongside. "I could still taste her juices. Both of ours. So wild."

"Good morning to you too."

A little morning playfulness gave way to reality. Having finished work yesterday, Ryan had the luxury of bumbling around this morning before heading to the airport to fly back. Nikki didn't have such luxury. She needed to return to her hotel and check out before driving back. There was an air of accomplishment about her in their discussion though. As she later explained, she set out to have a weekend that they would both remember. Ryan agreed. Did they ever.

They grabbed some coffee on the walk to her hotel. Discussion turned to the new school year. With the kids away and the wife at work, they would be free to hook up every week. After the events of this weekend, possibilities opened up. Nikki strolled with excitement as they closed in to her destination. Even Ryan felt a certain giddiness in exploring ways to sate their sexual cravings.

The sun was rising on a new day, showering them both in the radiance of potential.