‘Eaten alive?’
The cardinal’s brow wrinkled. ‘We are at war for our very existence against merciless enemies. To win a war, one must, sometimes, make use of the weapons of one’s enemies. To fight fire, one must be prepared to use fire.’
Brother Diaz’s wince grew even more twisted. ‘But wouldn’t it follow, Your Eminence, that to fight devils … one must be prepared … to use devils?’
Jakob of Thorn rocked his weight forwards, bared his teeth, and stiffly stood. ‘You see it,’ he said.
‘This is an enormous opportunity. For your own advancement. For the advancement of the interests of the Church. But most importantly …’ Cardinal Zizka rose, plucking her chain from the back of her chair and slinging it skewed around her shoulders, the jewelled circle swinging back and forth. ‘To do good.’ And she jammed her hat on, indicating beyond doubt or hope that the interview was concluded and its outcome irreversible. ‘Isn’t that why we all join the Church?’
Brother Diaz’s mother had made him join the Church to spare his family further embarrassment. But he somehow doubted that was what the Head of the Earthly Curia wanted to hear. And if there was one thing that was within Brother Diaz’s experience, it was telling people what they wanted to hear.
‘Of course,’ he said, managing a watery smile. ‘To do good.’
Whatever the hell that meant.
OceanofPDF.com
This Much Luck
Alex stood by the window, a cool breeze on her cheek and a warm fire at her back, rubbing her bandaged knuckles and looking down on the Holy City.
Way above it, rather’n crushed in its guts, it seemed a different place. A beautiful place, even. Gardens and pale palaces on the hilltops, with statues of angels on their gables. Grand streets and tall houses on the slopes, dozens of church spires and shrines capped with the Circle of the Faith. All dissolving into a haphazard maze of slum roofs in the valleys, shining wet from a chilly sleet that just stopped falling. You could see the ruins the city was built on, built around, built out of – towering blocks, shapeless blobs, tumbledown walls heavy with creeper, remnants of a fallen empire poking from the mass like the bones of a giant carcass. The Pale Sisters stuck up like fingers, two crumbling columns left over from a vast temple, on top of which some canny set of priests had built two rival bell towers, soaring high over the city and clanging away at each other at every prayer time like twin babies screaming for Mummy’s attention.
From up here, you’d never have guessed the strife and struggle going on in their long shadows, where you’d as much chance of feeling a fresh breeze as an elf of feeling heaven. The human rubbish crawling all over each other like ants in an anthill. The lying and hustle and hurt to get one step ahead. Snatches of hymns and hawkers’ cries drifted up, feeble on the cold wind, clamour of faith and fury dulled by distance, like none of it was much of her concern any more.
A set of nuns had bathed her, scrubbed her, wrapped her in a robe with the faces of saints stitched in silver, fur on the collar so warm against her cheek it made her want to cry. She hardly knew her own face in the mirror. Hardly knew her own hands with the dirt scraped from under the bitten-down nails. She doubted she’d ever been this clean before and wasn’t sure she liked it, kept being ambushed by the feel of her own hair, now they’d cut out the thousand tangles and combed it till it shone.
They’d left the comb behind. Silver, with amber in the handle. She kept wondering what Gal the Purse might’ve priced it at, and how much more it was really worth. Her hand kept creeping towards it, one finger tap, tap, tapping at the windowsill. Wouldn’t have been theft in her book, just picking up what was thrown away.
If you don’t want your comb stolen, you shouldn’t leave it alone with a thief—
Knock, knock at the door and she jerked her hand back, heart suddenly pounding, desperate to slither out the window and down a drainpipe, frantic voice in her head shrieking that she was the mark in some con and would soon enough be suffering for it.
But there was a colder, softer voice, too, whispering that she might squeeze more out of this than a nice comb. A lot more. All she had to do was sell a lie, and wasn’t she a liar? She’d played so many parts she hardly knew which one was her. She was an onion made of only skins with nothing at the centre.
So she dragged in a slow breath, and unclenched her fists, and tried to wriggle free of her usual cringe and look like she deserved to be there. She tried to coo, ‘Come in,’ the way a princess might, but she ended up hooting the come then going too far the other way for the in so she sounded like a pigeon turning into a hog and was wincing at her own blunder as the door opened.
It was her unlikely saviour, the self-styled Duke Michael. He had an awkward smile, like he didn’t quite trust her, which showed good judgement as she was a treacherous rat, ask anyone.
‘Well,’ he said, ‘isn’t that better?’
She pushed a strand of hair behind her ear in a way that aimed at winsome, but she hardly knew what winsome meant, let alone what it looked like. ‘Got the fish out of my hair,’ she said.
‘They’re treating you well?’
‘Better’n those three bastards in the market. You should’ve killed ’em and kept the money.’ Or better yet, given it to her.
‘The Almighty tends against killing,’ said Duke Michael, ‘if I remember my scripture.’
‘Far as I can tell he makes all manner of exceptions.’
‘God has that luxury, he’s unlikely to get knifed in a fish market.’
‘You had a sword.’
‘If I’ve learned one thing in all my years of using one, it’s that men with swords die every bit as easily as other men, and usually much sooner. Besides, I couldn’t risk Eusebius. New dukes can be made with a word, but good servants are rare treasures. May I come in?’
Alex wasn’t sure she’d ever been asked that before. Never had a place of her own. That and the folk she dealt with didn’t tend to be the permission-asking sort. So she enjoyed the little pause before giving a haughty toss of the head and saying, ‘You may.’
‘I expect you have … some questions.’ Duke Michael eased himself into the room.
‘One or two.’ She fixed his eye, businesslike. ‘First off, is all this a sex thing?’
He burst out laughing. ‘No. God, no. By no means.’
‘All right. Good.’ She tried not to show her relief. No need to discuss the terms she’d been considering if it had been a sex thing.
‘I’m your uncle, Alex. I’ve been searching for you for a long time.’ He took a step closer. ‘You’re safe now.’
‘Safe,’ she muttered, having to stop herself taking a step away. She was even less sure what to do with safe than she was with may I come in. Her rich uncle, popped out of nowhere to tell her how special she was. Too good to be true hardly seemed to cover it. ‘Are you really a duke?’
‘I am, though … without a dukedom, for the time being.’
‘Bit careless. Losing a dukedom.’
‘It was stolen.’ He took another step towards her.