‘They will all face judgement in the hereafter.’
‘I would prefer they faced it a great deal sooner,’ said Cardinal Zizka, with an edge on her voice that made the hairs on Diaz’s arms prickle. ‘Meanwhile we are plagued by a veritable infestation of sundry monsters, imps, trolls, witches, sorcerers, and other practitioners of the many foul faces of Black Art.’
Words temporarily failed him, so Brother Diaz contented himself with making the sign of the circle on his chest.
‘Not to mention even more diabolical powers, plotting the ruin of creation from the eternal howling night beyond the world.’
‘Demons, Your Eminence?’ whispered Brother Diaz, making the circle with even greater enthusiasm.
‘And then, of course, there is the apocalyptic threat of the elves. They will not stay in the Holy Land forever. The enemies of God will boil out of the east again, bringing their unholy fire, and their unclean poison, and their accursed appetites with them.’
‘Damn them,’ croaked Brother Diaz, in danger of wearing a circle into the front of his habit. ‘Is it certain, Your Eminence?’
‘The Oracles of the Celestial Choir have been consulted and leave no doubt. We live in a world sunk in darkness, in which our Church is the one point of light. The one hope of humanity. Can we that are righteous suffer that light to be extinguished?’
Here was an easy one. ‘Absolutely not, Your Eminence,’ said Brother Diaz, vigorously shaking his head.
‘And in this battle of what can only be described as good, against what can only be described as evil, defeat is inconceivable.’
‘Absolutely so, Your Eminence,’ said Brother Diaz, vigorously nodding.
‘With God’s creation and every soul it contains at stake, restraint would be madness. Restraint would be craven dereliction of our holy duty. Restraint would be sin.’
Brother Diaz had a creeping suspicion that he was somehow straying onto wobbly theological ground, like a clumsy bear chasing rabbits onto a half-frozen lake. ‘Well …’
‘A time comes when the stakes are of such enormity that moral objections become themselves immoral.’
‘Do they? I mean – they do? That is – they do. Do they?’
Cardinal Zizka smiled. A smile somehow more troubling even than her frown. ‘Are you familiar with the Chapel of the Holy Expediency?’
‘I … don’t think that I—’
‘It is one of the thirteen chapels within the Celestial Palace. One of the oldest, indeed. As old as the Church itself.’
‘I understood there to be twelve chapels, one for each of the Twelve Virtues—’
‘It is sometimes necessary to draw a curtain over certain regrettable facts. But here, at the very heart of the Church, we must look beyond the mere appearance of virtue. We must tackle the world as it is, with the tools available.’
Was this some kind of test? God, Brother Diaz hoped so. But if it was, he hadn’t the slightest idea how to pass. ‘I … er …’
‘The Church must, of course, remain faithful to the teachings of our Saviour. But there are tasks that must be undertaken, and methods used, to which the faithful and unimpeachable … are not suited.’
Brother Diaz supposed, if you really squinted, you could make that argument, but he didn’t want to be anywhere near it himself. He glanced towards Jakob of Thorn, but found no help there whatsoever. He looked like a man whose methods were deeply impeachable. ‘I’m not sure I entirely follow—’
‘Those tasks are undertaken, and those methods used, by the congregation of the Chapel of the Holy Expediency.’
‘By the congregation?’
‘Under the direction of its vicar.’ And Zizka raised her brows significantly.
Brother Diaz was helpless to prevent his own rising to match. He touched one hesitant fingertip to his chest.
‘Her Holiness has selected you for this honour. Baptiste will introduce you to your charges.’
Brother Diaz spun about for the second time to find a woman leaning against the wall behind him, arms folded. He couldn’t have said whether she’d slipped in silently or been standing there the whole time and didn’t care for either possibility. Her origin was hard to place – one of the many shores of the Mediterranean was his closest guess – and she struck him as being every bit as much trouble as Jakob of Thorn, but of an opposite sort. Her clothing was as flamboyant as his was dowdy, her broad face as expressive as his was stern. She, too, had scars. One across her lips. One beneath the corner of her eye, which made him think of a teardrop, strangely at odds with the amused quirk constantly hovering at the corner of her mouth.
She swept off a gold-fringed hat and bowed low enough that her mop of dark curls brushed the tiles, then leaned back with one gold-buckled boot crossed over the other in a display of nonchalance that seemed positively offensive in light of Brother Diaz’s own mounting panic.
‘Is she … one of my flock?’ he stammered.
That quirk became a grin. ‘Baaaaaa,’ she said.
‘Baptiste is what one might call, within the unique context of the chapel …’ Cardinal Zizka paused for a moment, considering her. ‘A lay minister?’
Jakob of Thorn made a strange snort. Had it emerged from any other face, Brother Diaz might have considered it a chuckle.
‘Living in a nunnery for a few weeks is as close as I ever came to being ordained.’ Baptiste struggled to wedge her unruly hair back into her hat, leaving several stray curls dangling. ‘It didn’t suit the nuns, but they needed the money.’
‘The nuns?’ asked Brother Diaz.
‘Nuns have to drink, Brother, like anyone else. Perhaps a bit more. It’s been my honour to assist several former vicars of the chapel, including your predecessor.’
‘Assist how?’ asked Brother Diaz, rather dreading the answer.
Baptiste’s grin became a smile. Behind the scar across her mouth she had two gold teeth, top and bottom. ‘However was expedient.’
‘You seem perplexed,’ said Her Eminence.
Perplexed was the very least of it. Brother Diaz wasn’t sure what he’d got into, still less how, but he was developing a strong sense that he wanted to get out of it, and if he didn’t do it soon, it would be too late. ‘Well, you know … my thing is really … mostly … bureaucracy?’ That windowless expanse of stone behind Cardinal Zizka was developing the look of a prison cell. ‘I reorganised the books. In the library. At the monastery. That was my big … contribution.’ He wrestled to minimise the very accomplishments he had spent months outrageously inflating. ‘Accounts. Paperwork. Bit of negotiation over grazing rights and so forth. Inky fingers.’ He chuckled, but no one else did, and his laughter died a death almost as painful as that of Saint Barnabus, in his plain frame on the wall. ‘So, erm …’ he waved towards Jakob of Thorn, ‘knights, and …’ he gestured towards Baptiste, ‘er …’ then realised he had no idea what to call her and gave up, ‘and devils in the howling night beyond the world …’
‘Yes?’ asked Cardinal Zizka, with signs of growing impatience.
‘It all comes across as a little … outside my experience?’
‘Did Saint Evariste have experience when at fifteen years old she took up her father’s spear and led the Third Crusade against the elves?’
‘But didn’t she end up getting … a little bit …’ Brother Diaz winced.