There really is nothing romantic about a punch in the gut from someone twice your size, specially when the best you’ve got to look forward to is another. Bostro caught her around the throat with one great fist and cut her wheeze off to a slippery gurgle. Then he took his pincers out.
Iron pincers. Polished from lots of use.
He didn’t look happy about it, but he still did it.
‘Which’ll it be?’ he grunted. ‘Teeth or fingers?’
‘Now look,’ she slobbered, near swallowing her tongue. How long had she been playing for time? A week or two more. An hour or two more. She was down to playing for moments. ‘Now look—’
‘Pick,’ snarled Bostro, his pincers getting so close to Alex’s face she went cross-eyed staring at them, ‘or you know it’s both—’
‘One moment!’ The voice rang out, sharp and commanding, and everyone looked around at once. Bostro, the thugs, and Alex, too, far as she could while half-throttled.
A tall, handsome man stood in the mouth of the alley. In her line of work, you learn to tell how rich someone is at a glance. Tell who’s rich enough to be worth swindling. Tell who’s too rich to be worth the trouble. This was a very rich one, robe worn around the hems, but good silk, stitched with dragons in golden thread.
‘I am Duke Michael of Nicaea.’ He had a trace of an eastern accent, it was true. A bald fellow with sweat on his forehead hurried up beside him. ‘And this is my servant Eusebius.’
Everyone took stock of this surprising turn-up. The so-called duke was looking at Alex. He had a kind face, she thought, but then she could put on a very kind face and she was a thieving bitch, ask anyone. ‘I understand your name is Alex?’
‘You understand correctly,’ grunted Bostro.
‘And do you have a birthmark beneath your ear?’
Bostro shifted his thumb and raised his brows at the piece of neck revealed. ‘She does.’
‘By all the saints …’ Duke Michael closed his eyes and took a very deep breath. When he opened them, it looked like there might be tears there. ‘You’re alive.’
Bostro’s grip had loosened enough for Alex to wheeze, ‘For now.’ She was shocked as anyone, but the winners are those who get over their shock quickest and start working out where the profit is.
‘Gentlemen!’ announced the duke. ‘This is none other than Her Highness the Princess Alexia Pyrogennetos, long-lost daughter of the Empress Irene and rightful heir to the Serpent Throne of Troy.’
Bostro must’ve heard every trick, lie, excuse, and sob story you could imagine, but this one lifted even his eyebrows. He squinted at Alex as if someone had told him the turd he’d just watched squeezed from a goat’s arse was actually a gold nugget.
All she could do was shrug her shoulders very high. She’d been called a scammer, a fleecer, a cheat, a thief, a bitch, a thieving bitch, a ferrety fuck, a lying weasel, and those were only the ones she’d taken as compliments. She’d never, far as she could remember, been called a princess. Not even in the least funny jest.
Shitty Teeth’s face twisted so violently that even shittier teeth came into view towards the back. ‘She’s fucking what now?’
Duke Michael considered Alex, hanging there like a cheap rug halfway through its annual beating. ‘I will admit she does not appear … terribly princessy. But she is what she is and we’ll all have to live with it. I must therefore insist that you unhand her royal person.’
‘Unhand?’ asked the would-be pirate.
‘Let go of her.’ The duke’s pleasant manner peeled back a touch and Alex caught a glimpse of something flinty underneath. ‘Now.’
Bostro frowned. ‘Lying weasel owes our boss.’
The pirate twisted a tooth from his bloody mouth. ‘Ferrety fuck knocked out one o’ my teeth!’
‘Shame.’ The duke raised his brows at the tooth. ‘It looks a really good one.’
The man angrily tossed it away. ‘Well, I bloody liked it.’
‘I see you have suffered some inconvenience.’ Duke Michael reached into a pocket of his gold-threaded robe. ‘God knows, I am well aware how inconvenient princesses can be, so …’ He held some coins up to the light. ‘Here is something …’ He put a couple back, then tossed the rest onto the dirty cobbles. ‘For your trouble.’
Bostro peered down, scarcely more impressed than he had been by the dirt in Alex’s purse. ‘Thought she was a fucking princess?’
‘When announced by a herald it is typically without the fucking, but yes.’
‘And that’s what her life’s worth?’
‘Oh, no,’ said Duke Michael. His servant sank gracefully to one knee beside him, pulled open his coat, and produced a large sword, its stained sheath chased with shining wire, its battered gold pommel tilted towards his master. The duke rested one fingertip upon it. ‘That’s what your lives are worth.’
OceanofPDF.com
The Thirteenth Virtue
‘I … am …’
Brother Diaz let fall the hem of his habit, which he’d been obliged to gather up around his knees like a flustered bride arriving late to her wedding, his flapping footfalls echoing from mirror-polished marble as he scurried around the labyrinthine hallways of the Celestial Palace in ever greater extremes of sweaty panic.
‘I … am …’ He’d slipped on a patch of fresh saliva where a party of high-ranking penitents were licking the floor clean and thought he might have done himself a mischief around the groin area. It was all a very long way from the towering dignity with which he’d dreamed of sweeping through these hallowed halls to finally have his quality acknowledged. God, his head was spinning. Was he fainting? Was he dying?
‘Brother Eduardo Diaz?’ asked the immensely tall secretary.
The name sounded familiar. ‘I think so …’ He leaned on the desk with both fists, struggling to control his wheezing and appear worthy of a respectable post in the middle of the Church’s hierarchy. ‘And I can only … apologise … for being late.’ He managed, with a heroic effort, to prevent himself from vomiting. ‘There was a damned gouty crowd out for Saint Aelfric’s Day! And the driver—’
‘You are early.’
‘—was no help whatsoever, and I – What?’
The secretary shrugged. ‘It’s the Holy City, Brother Diaz. Every day is at least one saint’s day, and everyone is always late. We shift all the appointments to allow for it.’
Diaz sagged with relief. Sweet Saint Beatrix had come through for him after all! He might have dropped to his knees to weep his thanks on the spot, had he not feared he would never rise again.
‘But never fear.’ The secretary clambered down from what must have been a very high stool and revealed herself to be surprisingly short. ‘Cardinal Zizka has cleared her schedule and asked that you be shown in the moment you arrived.’ And she gestured to a door with a showman’s flourish.
A large man, craggy-faced and crooked-knuckled, sat on a bench beside it, perhaps awaiting his own interview. He sat with his grey eyes on Brother Diaz, in such perfect stillness it seemed the Celestial Palace might have been built around him. His clipped hair was iron-grey with two great scars through it, and his clipped beard was iron-grey with at least three scars through it, and his grey brows were more scar than brow.