He looked like a man who had spent half a century falling down a mountain. Perhaps one made of axes.
‘Wait,’ muttered Brother Diaz. ‘Cardinal Zizka?’
‘Indeed.’
‘I understood I was meeting Her Holiness the Pope … to be assigned a benefice—’
‘No.’
Could it be that things were starting to look up? Her Holiness might be the Heart of the Church, but she assigned a thousand irrelevant positions, offices, and blessings to a queue of irrelevant priests, monks, and nuns every day, presumably with as little thought as a grape picker gives each grape.
A meeting with Cardinal Zizka, the Head of the Earthly Curia, was another matter entirely. She was undisputed mistress of the sprawling bureaucracy and colossal revenues of the Church. She only took note of the noteworthy. And she had cleared her schedule …
‘Well, then …’ Brother Diaz wiped sweat from his forehead, dabbed at his fat lip, tugged his skewed habit straight, and began to smile for the first time since he entered the gates of the Holy City. It was starting to look as if Sweet Saint Beatrix might have positively outdone herself. ‘By all means announce me!’
Considering it represented the very pinnacle of ecclesiastical power, Cardinal Zizka’s office was something of a disappointment. A huge space by the standards of a rural monk but made to feel positively cramped by dizzying piles of paperwork bristling with tassels, markers, and seals, deployed on benches to both sides with the precision of rival armies about to do battle. Brother Diaz had expected splendour – frescoes, velvet and marble with gilt cherubs crowded into every angle. But the furniture wedged into the strip of floor between those twin cliffs of bureaucracy might best have been described as dull and functional. The back wall was one blank expanse of stone, strangely rippled as if it had melted, flowed, then set in place, presumably some vestige of the ancient ruins on top of which the Celestial Palace was built. The only decoration was a small and rather violent painting of the Scourging of Saint Barnabus.
A first glance at Cardinal Zizka herself was honestly something of a disappointment, too. She was a sturdy woman with a shock of greyish hair, engaged in taking papers from a pile on her left, signing them in a disappointingly untidy hand, then adding them to a pile on her right. She appeared to have slung her golden chain of office over one of the prongs on the back of her chair, the front of her crimson vestment adorned instead with a scattering of crumbs.
Had it not been for the red cardinal’s hat abandoned upside down on the desk, one could have taken this for the office of some junior clerk, engaged in a junior clerk’s humdrum business. Still, as Brother Diaz’s mother would have said, that was no excuse to let his own standards slip.
‘Your Eminence,’ he intoned, delivering his best formal bow.
It was wasted on the cardinal, who did not so much as look up from her scratching quill. ‘Brother Diaz,’ she grated out. ‘How have you been enjoying the Holy City?’
‘A place of …’ He politely cleared his throat. ‘Remarkable spirituality?’
‘Oh, without doubt. Where else can one buy a desiccated pizzle of Saint Eustace from three different stalls within a mile of one another?’
Brother Diaz was desperately unsure whether to treat that as a joke or a searing indictment, and ended up straining to do both by grinning and shaking his head at once while murmuring, ‘A miracle indeed …’
Fortunately, the cardinal had still not looked up. ‘Your abbott speaks very highly of you.’ He’d bloody better, after all the favours Brother Diaz had done him. ‘He says you are the most promising administrator his monastery has seen in years.’
‘He does me too much honour, Your Eminence.’ Brother Diaz licked his lips at the thought of bursting free from the smothering confines of that very monastery to claim all he deserved. ‘But I will strive to serve you, and Her Holiness, in whatever capacity you might desire, to the very limits—’
He jumped as the door was noisily shut behind him, spinning about to see the scarred grey man from the bench outside had followed him into the cardinal’s office. Baring his battered teeth, he lowered himself into one of the hard chairs before her desk.
‘To the very limits …’ persevered Brother Diaz, uncertainly, ‘of my abilities …’
‘That is a tremendous comfort.’ Her Eminence finally tossed down her quill, placed the latest document carefully on top of its heap, rubbed her inky forefinger against her inky thumb, and looked up.
Brother Diaz swallowed. Cardinal Zizka might have had the bland office, drab furniture, and stained fingers of a junior clerk, but her eyes were those of a dragon. A particularly formidable example that suffered no fools.
‘This is Jakob of Thorn,’ she said, nodding at the newcomer. That chopping-block of a face had been troubling in the hallway, but thrust into Brother Diaz’s private interview it was positively distressing. Rather in the same way that finding a beggar in your doorway would be merely distasteful, while finding one in your bed would be cause for considerable alarm.
‘He is a Knight Templar in the sworn service of Her Holiness,’ said Cardinal Zizka, which was far from an explanation and even further from a comfort. ‘A man of long experience.’
‘Long.’ The one word growled from the knight’s immobile mouth like a handful of old gravel between new mill wheels.
‘His guidance and advice, not to mention his sword, will be invaluable to you.’
‘His … sword?’ Brother Diaz was no longer sure where this interview was taking him but did not at all care for the notion that he might need a sword when he got there.
Cardinal Zizka narrowed her eyes slightly. ‘We live in a world beset by perils,’ she said.
‘We do?’ asked Brother Diaz, and then, having considered it, changed the question into a sad observation. ‘We do.’ And finally to a grim assertion. ‘We do.’ Not personally, in his case, of course.
He lived in a small but actually – now he really thought about it – quite comfortable cell with a view of the sea, and a breeze washing through the windows that at this time of year was rich with the scent of juniper. He had a creeping suspicion the scent of juniper was not among the perils to which the cardinal was referring. That suspicion was all too soon confirmed.
‘The Eastern and Western Churches are in schism.’ Her Eminence seemed to be glaring right through Brother Diaz’s head into a distance crowded with threats.
‘I understand the Fifteenth Grand Ecumenical Council did little to resolve the outstanding issues,’ lamented Brother Diaz, hoping to impress with his knowledge of current events and theology at once. He knew the Church of the East had male clergy, that they wore the wheel rather than the circle, that there was some furious row about the date of Easter, but he honestly had almost no understanding of what the deeper divisions were. Few did, these days.
‘The many grasping princes of Europe ignore their holy duties and squabble with each other for earthly power.’
Brother Diaz rolled his eyes piously to the ceiling.