He He's actually going and sitting in a golden chair while everybody else is [ __ ] living in a mud hut. Wow. resistance.
This pretty much sums up the continent's political process for the past 50 years. Take Malawi for example. At various points in the 2000s and early 2010s, foreign aid made up more than 40% of the national budget. But huge amounts of money was being stolen by government officials, paying for things like luxury cars, private homes, or even international shopping trips.
By the way, none of this even comes remotely close to the amount of money that they were receiving. Like that's not that like corruption in my opinion is not a big reason because like if you add together like so if you're receiving like let's say like $3 billion for example, right? $3 billion. So a jet uh buying a private jet is like um like $17 million something like that could be like $40 million somewhere around there.
Uh, you know, you have a house. Okay, this is probably like $3 to $5 million. Uh, you've got uh let's see, oh, you know, a Lexus is like $100,000. Like, it's it's like a fractional tiny amount of the money whenever you really look at it.
It's nothing. It's like probably less than 5%. You've got to look at it. You can't just blame this on the elites.
Yeah, you can't spend $40 billion. You might expect a scandal to spark mass outrage. And after all, the government was siphoning off millions that were meant to serve the public, but that simply never happened. >> Did they just activate purple drink?
>> All the government was siphoning off millions that were meant to serve the public. But that simply never happened because there was basically no political as the government's funding came from foreign sources. The people most affected by the mismanagement of public funds, the Malawian citizens, very little power to demand systemic change.
This isn't unique to Malawi. The same dynamic has been occurring across the continent for decades. I'm going to give maybe a hot take. People might not like this opinion.
I think it is a western pathological narcissistic fantasy to imagine that everywhere else in the world wants to live the same way that we live. You might look at all these Africans living in mud huts that don't have electricity and you might say, "Wait a minute. I know how to solve all your problems. I'm going to introduce all this technology and all this new stuff to you." But has it ever occurred to you that maybe they're not really comfortable with that.
Maybe that's not how to improve their lives. Maybe not everybody has to like the the idea that like I I I view Western civilization as the greatest civilization of all time and I would never want to live anywhere else. That being said, I don't think that every other country in the world should follow our um they should follow our rules.
Like the people that are living there have their own way of life. They do things their way. Our way is not their way. And I would say their way is really stupid and really bad, but it's their way.
And this idea, this narcissistic fantasy that we're going to somehow show them the uh, you know, the wonders of having to drive to AutoZone at, you know, win on Wednesday to buy, you know, an air filter and this is going to somehow improve their lives. I I don't agree with that. I don't necessarily think so. Like being addicted.
Oh, yeah. Well, no, no, no. We can get the Africans addicted to buying the new iPhones, too. Who gives a [ __ ] Maybe they don't want that.
Maybe that's not what's in their best interest, you know? Like, I mean, why don't you just let them [ __ ] be? Yeah, they're going to have problems, but they're also going to not have problems. That's the way I see it.
They desire. Yeah, sometimes they desire the maybe they're better that way. Not everybody. It's again it's it's such a western centric type of thinking that you assume that every group of people, every cultural and ethnic group of people desires what you have.
Not necessarily. And all their problems can stay over there. Yes. Mo money, mo problems.
Sure seems like that's the case. I partially agree, but wouldn't the majority of them trade their places for a western livelihood? If you ask a person, would you rather have a salad or a cake? Most people would say they would rather have a cake.
But if you give people cake all the time, they become fat hogs that are diabetic that die. So sometimes you should look at what is best for people without necessarily asking them. Sometimes you sometimes you just have to make a decision. You have to you have to think about what the right decision is and what the right wrong decision is.
And also like we have Africa like there's plenty of people like remember that guy earlier or like that friend I was talking about like in high school like um there are plenty of people from Africa that have immigrated to the UK and to America that are great Americans and great citizens and there's no problem. I I think it should be kept in mind that this is true.
Uh now I mean migrants obviously give them a bad name but whenever you're talking about the legal immigrants that followed the process these are real legitimate standup Americans, right? They are. and you know they they're positive to the culture and I think that's it's good and so that's not a bad thing at all but at the same time that's not everybody that's not all of them >> and it in part explains why such high levels of corruption >> of course some level of corruption exists in basically every country especially during their early development stages but even under these circumstances usually still achieve economic development small businesses farmers and entrepreneurs can drive progress from the ground up.
Creating jobs and expanding access to goods and services without relying heavily on the state. >> That's the problem. >> This is another one of the main problems with aid. It makes groundup work much, much harder >> cuz aid makes this route of development far less likely.
That's because more often than not, the things being provided by aid organizations are in direct competition with local businesses. Yeah. >> Take the textiles industry. By the early 2000s, nearly 80% of the clothing sold in some African nations.
>> Yeah. Like you look at these people, they're just walking around wearing like Goodwill clothes. So there's no local businesses there at all. Came from abroad.
At first, that might seem like a win-win. Clothes were cheap and aid organizations feel good about reducing waste in Western countries, but the effect on local African industry was devastating. In Ghana alone, over 80% of domestic textile factories shut down between 1990 and 2010, which meant thousands of disappearing with them, machinery, and networks needed to sustain a homegrown industry.
>> In fact, in the last two decades, Africa's industrial sector has shrunk from 15% of the continent's economy to now just 10%. This isn't a coincidence. Academic research has found that on average, foreign aid hurts industrialization in Africa.