Even the world >> give a man a fish >> odd bank, one of the biggest aid organizations in the world, found that periods of increased aid tend to weaken local manufacturing.
But it's not just domestic industries that suffer. The entire structure of the economy can be distorted in ways that make economic growth far less likely. To understand why, it helps to look at how countries actually grow rich. In the last few decades, almost every country that has achieved rapid development has done so through an export-led model.
Nations like South Korea, Taiwan, and China have all seen huge amounts of economic growth in the past few decades. And they did this offering lowcost goods that appealed to Western consumers and then selling them on the international. So the way every country makes money and gets rich is by us giving them money. It's just they give us stuff for the money.
Yeah, that's about right. I tell you that. It's just the way it is. >> Markets.
>> Over time, this allowed them to industrialize domestic industries and eventually move up the value chain. >> You're welcome. Where are an essential part of the process that people tend to forget, maintaining a weak currency. Doing this makes the country's exports cheaper on the global market and boosting demand from foreign buyers.
This increased demand then helps local industries grow, creating jobs and bringing in valuable foreign income, further fueling development. But aid money creates the opposite effect. When money flows into the country, it needs to be converted into the local currency so that governments and aid organizations can actually spend it.
But doing this up the price of the currency on foreign exchange markets in response to the higher demand. >> Having a more valuable currency may not sound like a bad thing, but it actually causes a serious problem. A more expensive currency means that for foreigners trying to buy a country's produce, everything suddenly becomes more expensive.
So people simply stop buying the produce. For developing economies, this is a total disaster. It means the export-led model that worked so successfully in East Asia becomes impossible to replicate. In Africa today, exports account for about 20% of the average GDP, less than half of most successful.
>> So how do they make money? What the hell do they do? >> East Asian economies like Hong Kong, South Korea or Taiwan. I instead of developing competitive industries and shipping products around the world, aid dependent countries end up relying on foreign assistance to survive while their domestic economies remain uncompetitive and underdeveloped.
Of course, that's not to say there's no good that aid can do. In theory, it has the potential to fill crucial gaps in development. Things like building roads, schools, and power grids, all facilitating domestic economic expansion. >> I'm totally against this.
You can't figure out how to build a [ __ ] road. You probably can't maintain it either. So, we're going to go over there and build a road so we can feel good about ourselves and they're going to [ __ ] it up in 10 years. It's a waste of time really.
I mean, like I mean, let's be honest. But that brings us to the final and potentially most serious issue with foreign aid. It almost never effectively delivers. A 2012 report by the Center for Global Development found that up to 70% of aid projects either failed to meet their targets or had no measurable impact.
In some sectors, the waste was staggering. An audit of health aid in Uganda found that nearly 1/3 of donated medical supplies never reached their intended recipients. >> It just never even gets there. >> Lost to mismanagement or simple logistical failure.
In Haiti after the 2010 earthquake, billions in a Keep in mind, we still have Roman roads from 2,000 years ago. If they wanted to build roads, they could build roads. They could like theoretically they could just get the rocks together and then put the rocks together and then make a road with the rocks. The Incas as well.
Yeah, you're right. We always forget about South America, but they had some really advanced civilizations. You're right about that. Could they though?
I mean somebody theoretically a person could do that >> in yet less than 10% of it reached local institutions most through foreign contractors NOS's or overhead costs and more than a decade later many communities still lack basic sanitation or permanent housing. >> Look at this. It's like LA. Like if you told me this is LA like in the Palisades, I'd be like, "Yeah." Uh-huh.
>> To understand why, it's helpful to look at the systems that function effectively. Take a business operating in a competitive market. If it provides a bad product, consumers will simply switch to its competitors and the firm's revenues drop. And if it doesn't make changes, it may even end up going bankrupt.
>> True. >> The point is that people who are providing the product are accountable to the people who end up actually using it. >> Yes. >> But foreign aid doesn't work that way.
If a project fails, the recipients can withhold their taxes or vote for someone else because funding comes from foreign governments or donors. There's no mechanism for rewarding success or punishing failure. The result is an enormous lack of incentives to actually do things well. And the story of foreign aid in Africa is not simply one of failure, but of misplaced assumptions.
What began as an effort to lift nations out of poverty has created systems of dependence, weakened institutions. It's because nobody cares about helping them. Nobody actually cares about helping them. They just care about being seen as they're helping them.
That's the reason why Machu Picchu is from a forgotten civilization. Still has one of the most advanced watering systems in history. Yeah. I mean, like look at the Roman aqueducts.
I mean, at a certain point whenever you're getting whenever you're getting lapped by civilizations that were, you know, like 3,000 2,000 years old, you can't keep blaming colonialism. You can't keep blaming uh Europe or, you know, like slavery or something like that. Like, it's really not that reason. >> Stifled local industries.
That doesn't mean that aid has no role to play. In moments of crisis like famine, conflict, or natural disasters can provide vital short-term relief, but as a long-term development strategy, the evidence is hard to ignore. Aid has not delivered the transformation it's promised. If the goal is to support sustainable growth, then the focus needs to shift toward building strong institutions, supporting local business, and creating systems.
>> I think we got to leave them the [ __ ] alone. Let them do what the hell they're going to do. They want to go cut each other up. Go ahead.
They want to go and get their [ __ ] together. Great. But damn, I don't want to deal with it. And I certainly don't want to pay for it.
Holy, we want to get the special rocks. Okay, let's go get the rocks and we leavements are accountable to their people, not to foreign donors.