To rescue their captured loved ones.
Cooper told him he knew where Lucy was and would take him there. The three went to an NCR warehouse to stock up on gear for their assault on the Lucky 38 tower. The equipment here was much more advanced than at the Ranger outpost with sniper rifles, laser rifles, plenty of fragmentation grenades, and a special model of power armor.
The NCR salvaged power armor, which immediately captivated Max. They made a plan. Max would give the cold fusion device to Cooper, who would enter the lucky 38 and activate the giant terminal. Max in the power armor would deal with the death claws with Thaddius providing support.
Soon the three returned to Freide. The armor bearing the NCR insignia attracted the attention of all the brand loyal citizens. They chanted, "Long live the NCR." And watched as the trio headed for the entrance to the Royal Casino Avenue, where the Death Claws that had taken over their territory resided, ready to be driven out by the Great Max.
However, what the citizens and Max didn't know was that this armor wasn't very powerful. It was called salvaged because the NCR had recovered it from the Brotherhood. It had been modified and stripped down, no longer requiring a fusion core to operate, which severely reduced its speed and firepower. Furthermore, a small accident occurred before they set off.
Thaddius's arm inexplicably fell off, naturally disqualifying him from the team. Ever since he took the snake oil salesman's medicine and became a ghoul, the composition of the drug remained a mystery. He only knew that his mutation was slower than a normal ghouls and that strange organs were growing on his shoulder, their significance unknown.
Cooper told Thaddius to wait outside the city while he and Max entered the combat zone. A deathclaw was feasting on one of its own. Seeing the two appear, its appetite returned. Max deployed his armor's blades and engaged the Deathclaw.
After a couple of rounds, he struck it in the chest, gaining the upper hand. Cooper seized the opportunity to run for the building, but Max's blade got stuck, drawing the Deathclaw's attention. It advanced on Cooper, the pressure mounting. Cooper fired his laser rifle, but it did minimal damage.
He was once again filled with despair. Fortunately, Max came to his aid and killed the Deathclaw. Cooper, still shaken, gave Max a nod of approval and headed inside. Max gave Cooper a knowing smile and charged at another approaching Deathclaw.
The camera follows Cooper to the top of the tower. After so many years, he once again saw House's massive terminal. With heavy memories, he walked towards it. 200 years ago that night, Cooper hadn't given the cold fusion device to House.
Instead, he gave it to a congresswoman he barely knew, but who seemed kind and trustworthy. Cooper got into a car where besides the congresswoman sat the president of the United States who would later become the leader of the enclave. This meant that the US government itself had launched the nukes that destroyed their own country triggering a world war that was at its core a struggle for resources.
And so Cooper had inadvertently made a terrible mistake with the best of intentions. So the question is without the cold fusion device, how did House activate his anti-missile system? It turns out House had procured a platinum chip, the core component for upgrading Vegas's defense systems. With it, he could have completely blocked the falling nukes.
However, due to a miscalculation, it wasn't delivered on the scheduled date of October 23rd, 2077. The Great War broke out soon after and the platinum chip was lost for 200 years. The courier is the one who finally delivers the chip to House. In the meantime, House had to use an inferior operating system.
After multiple system crashes, he managed to shoot down most of the nukes, preserving the core area of Vegas. Back in the present, house had fallen dormant again due to a system crash. The entire terminal looked like it had been abandoned for years. Cooper approached it and opened a hidden door, revealing the power supply for the system, waiting for him to insert the cold fusion device.
And so, after more than 200 years, Cooper finally put the cold fusion device in the right place. As the data loaded, a familiar face appeared on the screen. It was House. Returning to the Legion, Caesar was killed after a major battle and the Legion camp was in chaos.
The Legot moved through the crowd and brought a skeleton wearing a pit boy back to his tent. He found a note on the skeleton designating the next Caesar. A nearby soldier asked who was the next successor. The legot with a troubled expression suddenly stood up and stabbed the soldier to death.
The note was a useless phrase saying, "I am Caesar." After disposing of the evidence, the legot swallowed the paper, then gathered the men and declared himself the new Caesar. A new king needs a palace, so the legot set his sights on New Vegas, coincidentally heading towards the protagonist's location. In Freide, the fence of the royal casino was breached and death claws poured into the city.
A roar sent the crowd scattering. Max, though facing the death claws alone, was as brave as ever. His power armor's weapons activated. He fired a spike and a death claw instantly turned into a bloody mist.
He leaped into the air and blew another one away with a hand cannon. But Max's advantage was short-lived. Death claws kept coming and his ammunition quickly ran out, forcing him back into melee combat. As he fought hand to claw with the death claws, the spectators hiding in the bar started placing bets.
Even though his defeat meant they would all be in danger, most of them bet on him to lose. The bar owner was one of them. Thaddius, unable to watch, threw his own arm down to shut them up. Then pulled out 500 caps from his pant leg, a huge sum, and bet on Max to win.
But after a period of brutal fighting, Max's chances of winning dwindled. He was caught in a deathclaw's grip, nearly pinned. Just then, a bullet accurately hit the Deathclaw's eye, saving his life. He looked up and saw Thaddius on the roof of the bar, using his foot to steady his rifle.
For his brother and the 500 caps, he was giving it his all. But in the midst of their moment of camaraderie, a deathclaw ambushed Max, pinning him heavily to the ground. Back at the top of the lucky 38, House's first words to Cooper upon their reunion were his catchphrase, "The House always wins." After being poisoned, shot, and ganged up on, House was finally reborn in the form of a cathode ray tube display.
The two made a deal. House would lead Cooper to the management vault beneath the building, and Cooper would leave the cold fusion device to continue powering House's systems. With that, Cooper put on House's custom Pit Boy and followed his guidance to the vault. Meanwhile, after witnessing the miraculous effects of the controller, Lucy had a brief harmonious moment with Hank while wearing a yellow dress.