Laborers took to the streets in protest, denouncing Robco as a scab. It was then that House selected three men from the resentful crowd and led them into an alley. He offered them 30 million in cash to participate in an experiment.
Then catching one off guard, he attached a controller to the back of his neck. With a simple press of a button, the subject followed his commands. House ordered the man to attack and he grabbed a baseball bat and swung at his companions. He ordered the man to stop and he froze like a machine.
However, the invention had not yet achieved the desired effect. The test subject struggled and regained control of his body. Seeing this, House increased the power. The next second, the man's head exploded like an overripe watermelon.
Another failure. House regretfully picked up his device, not sparing a second glance for the guinea pig on the ground. This was not the first time he had done this, nor would it be the last. In his view, the world might end, but progress never stops.
Returning to Lucy and Cooper, the two followed the tracks of Hank's power armor to a diner with a sign advertising delicious, freshlymade daily soup. Cooper believed the owner knew Hank's whereabouts and intended to use force to get the information. Lucy stopped him, reiterating her desire to solve problems civily. She politely approached the owner and having learned her lesson from trying to get things for free, bought a bowl of soup as a form of exchange.
She hadn't expected the only thing on the menu to be flea soup. A bowl of dirty water with fleas, freshly made by the owner for the price of two Nucaca bottle caps, which is the accepted currency of the wasteland due to their sophisticated anti-counterfeiting technology. Swallowing her disgust, Lucy took a sip of the price of civility, then headed in the direction the owner had pointed.
After walking for some time, they arrived at the abandoned Vault 24. As mentioned, the pit boy has a lockpicking function for vault doors. Lucy expertly connected to the door's security system and they took an elevator inside. As expected, the interior was in ruins and all the residents were dead, their skeletons indicating they had been deceased for many years.
Strangely, they weren't wearing vault jumpsuits, but rather politically charged red jackets. Projections played red propaganda films, making this vault starkly different from others. After a survey, they discovered all the deceased were Americans and quickly realized this was the result of an experiment. In the closed world of the vault, they had embraced a different ideology uninfluenced by the outside world.
This was permitted by vaulttech. From the very beginning of the 122 vaults construction, the company had made this decision without the government's knowledge. As the ruler of a vault, the overseer could arrange all matters according to their own vision, creating the perfect society for human survival. Thus, these social experiments gave birth not only to a communist style red base, but also a scientific research institute for hybridizing humans and axelottals and the super mutant manufacturing facility that tinkered with the FEV virus.
In short, out of more than 100 vaults, very few were normal. Almost all were used for human experimentation. Vault 33, where Lucy grew up, was no exception. It was part of a breeding program with vaults 31 and 32.
The three were interconnected and used to cultivate a new generation of humans to reclaim the surface. Vaults 32 and 33 were the breeding pools where residents received specific cultural education resulting in docsil personalities with zero sexual repression as exemplified by the stark contrast between Lucy and the surfacer-raised Max.
Vault 31 was the elite pool containing cryogenically frozen pre-war high potential executives and super managers. Some were kept frozen to manage the future surface population, while others were awakened and sent to the other two vaults to serve as overseers, maintaining the experiment while training their successors. Hank was one of them.
Returning to the present, the pair finished their inspection and found the same controller House had used, implying that House had been the overseer here. They then saw a vagrant Hank had brought in for an experiment, who promptly self-detonated. They realized the controller was the true subject of Vault 24's experiment.
After countless adjustments, its power had evolved from controlling the human body to altering human ideology. Obtaining it was one of Hank's reasons for passing through. The other reason was the experimental data on the terminal. Lucy discovered that the hard drive had been removed by Hank, its destination unknown.
The scene cuts to Hank holding the hard drive as he walks into a management level vault. Unlike the dilapidated vaults, this one was spacious, well stocked, and equipped with all kinds of workbenches. It even offered various coffee flavors and hundreds of custom suits. Hank dressed himself up, putting on a professional suit and a limited edition solid gold pit boy.
He then got back to his long neglected work, but a question arises with nearly all VaultTech executives dead. Who was he working for? Hank addressed the person on the other end of the radio as sir, stating he was about to take over his unfinished business and mention the controllers's development and a promotion. This reveals Hank's identity as a corporate spy for Robco.
The sir he mentioned also seemed to be pointing to House. Although there was no response from House, Hank was convinced he was still alive. He began to integrate the experimental data from Vault 24 and his current location to continue his research. He found that the former's research theme was brain computer interfaces, which was complete, and the latters was miniaturization, which had also made significant progress.
The problem was that the controller still lacked a stable balance to prevent explosions and required extensive debugging. So Hank began shuttling between the lab and the livestock area, experimenting on lab rats. Initially, he fitted the rats with controllers and adjusted the power to see if they would sit at a computer and work like humans.
However, all experiments failed. The rats either ignored his commands or exploded midway. The entire stock of rats was quickly depleted, causing Hank great frustration. He began to wonder what else was plentiful in the vault and suitable for experimentation.
Soon, Hank's gaze fell upon the cryopods containing the customers who had purchased vault memberships. After all, with the pre-war world destroyed, their fame and status no longer existed. In that sense, there is no difference between them and rats. Without hesitation, Hank awakened an old-timer who had been frozen for 200 years after purchasing a Supreme Elite package.
He attached a controller to the man. The man asked if Reclamation Day had arrived, feeling a slight sting in the haze. Hank didn't answer. He simply sipped his champagne, smiled, and turned a dial.