After the war in the previous season, the NCR capital had fallen and its then president was killed.
As a result, NCR's reinforcement capabilities were severely diminished, leaving behind this empty city that had been defeated by the Legion. Fortunately, Cooper found a security robot that told him there were still some NCR remnants on a nearby hill, and it directed him there. Soon after, two very punk-l lookinging individuals appeared before Cooper.
One was a NCR captain and the other was a hospitable old ranger who managed to get the drop on Cooper. Normally, the old ranger would have decisively eliminated a potential threat, but the captain recognized Cooper from his past dealings with the NCR and stopped him. Unlike the xenophobic Brotherhood of Steel, the NCR was very tolerant of ghouls.
As long as they weren't feral ghouls who attacked on site, ghouls had the right to become NCR citizens. Because of this, Cooper had cooperated with them many times. The captain informed Cooper that they were the only two left in this area. 20 years ago, after Hank pacified the former NCR capital, the two of them had been trapped by the Legion's encirclement, waiting for reinforcements for years.
So, helping Cooper was out of the question. The only thing the captain could do was give Cooper a box of anti-radiation pills to slow his brain degradation and restore him to peak combat condition. Cooper was formidable, so it wasn't impossible for him to take on the Legion alone. But that would be too much trouble.
He had a more elegant way to win. The next moment, Cooper strode confidently into the Legion camp. He glanced at the parched Lucy and went to Caesar in the Leot. As it turns out, Cooper's charisma was a seven, giving him a high success rate when persuading targets.
Coupled with Caesar's simple-minded belligerance, as soon as Cooper mentioned the location of the NCR remnants, Caesar lost all interest in Lucy's fate and let Cooper take her. Soon, Cooper strodeed out of the camp just as confidently. As the Legion busied itself preparing to annihilate the NCR that night, he tossed a remote detonated bomb onto a pile of gunpowder.
Then, once he reached the hilltop, he pressed the switch. A massive explosion ripped through the sky and the resulting dust cloud instantly enveloped the entire camp. The other side receiving Cooper's signal launched a surprise attack. The two factions immediately fell into a brutal fight.
And just like that, with one stone, Cooper killed two birds. He rescued Lucy without a scratch and crippled a faction he despised. Due to the Civil War, the Legion had to postpone its campaign against the NCR. Unable to march on the location that Cooper had likely fabricated, the two continued their journey towards New Vegas.
Before we continue their story, let's turn our attention to the show's other protagonist, Max. After claiming Lucy's father's kidnapper's head last season, Max was promoted from a common Brotherhood of Steel member to a knight, gaining the power armor he had always dreamed of. The Brotherhood of Steel is a quasi religious military organization that worships technology.
Because 99% of its members are male, it's known as the Brotherhood. Their iconic gear includes the T60 model power armor and Brotherhood airships. Their goal is to find pre-war technology and eliminate the evil forces of the wasteland. But this evil includes all ghouls and super mutants, a form of racial bigotry.
One day, Max's Brotherhood chapter discovered a pre-war military outpost. It contained refrigerators, fusionpowered cars, various workbenches, and a folded American flag. Since Max had secured the cold fusion device at the end of last season, the chapter's leader decided to expand their influence and break away from the main brotherhood command.
He called a meeting with the leaders of several other chapters to form a coalition. To show off his chapter's strength, he had Max spar with a burly man from another chapter. The two began a prehistoric UFC match with no weight classes. Max looked at his opponent's muscles, then back at the leader as if to say he's kidding him, and was promptly knocked to the ground.
But Max was no pushover. According to official data, his strength and agility are both seven, making him a melee build. He quickly turned the tables. However, his opponent not only had a weight advantage, but also didn't play by the rules, pulling a dagger on the unarmed Max.
That left Max with no choice. He disarmed his opponent, pinned him down, and while being choked, used the dagger to end the fight. After the battle, a liaison from the main command interrupted the rebellion meeting. His purpose was to oversee the chapter.
Realizing the main command knew, the potential allies backed out and the leader's plan fell apart. While the leader was dejected, the liaison and Max hit it off. After chatting for a while, they decided they liked each other and the liaison took Max out to find nearby evil outposts to clear. They breached a Nucacola factory and fought the security robots inside.
The liaison was armed with a melee weapon with a base damage of 80. With the thrusting effect from his power armor, its damage could reach 110. He lunged forward and smashed a robot's arm with one swing. Max followed up, destroying its head.
They quickly secured their first kill. Deep inside the factory, they found a group of ghoul children secretly producing bottle caps. Their leader was a former Brotherhood member and an old friend of Max Thaddius. After a fateful encounter turned him into a ghoul, Thaddius had left the brotherhood and hidden here, knowing full well how the brotherhood treated ghouls.
However, the liaison was a typical Brotherhood representative. He subscribed to the exterminate all ghouls philosophy and aimed his weapon at the freaks preparing to carry out a massacre despite Max's protests. Left with no choice, Max killed the liaison to save his friend. He opened his helmet, revealing his identity with a look of despair and quietly told his friend that he thought he had just started a war.
And so without his knowledge, Max had just confirmed his leader's rebellion. To resolve the situation, Max brought Thaddius back to the chapter. He tried to have Thaddius impersonate the liaison to buy time while he explained to his leader that he had killed the liaison in the name of justice. However, things took an unpredictable turn.
First, as Thaddius was just sitting in the mess hall, two paladins from different chapters approached him, offering to ally with the main command to deal with the leader. The two paladins even started fighting each other over it. Meanwhile, Max faced the same reaction as the liaison had earlier. As soon as the leader heard that the person Max was protecting was a ghoul, he flew into a rage.
He pulled out a pistol and exchanged fire with Max's laser pistol. Neither hit their mark. In the chaos, Max grabbed the cold fusion device and fled the Brotherhood with Thaddius.