Title: Bounty Hunter Searched Waste Land For Monstrous Creatures
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vxrD2A5qi4

Feeling  like  my  mind
is  a  damn  game.
>> Hey  guys,  today  I'll  show  you  a  science
fiction  TV  series  named  Fallout  season
2.  Spoilers  ahead.  Watch  out  and  take
care.  Let's  start  with  a  recap  of  the
first  season.  In  the  year  2296,
219  years  after  the  Great  War  between
China  and  the  US,  Lucy,  the  daughter  of
the  overseer  of  Vault  33,  set  foot  on
the  wasteland  for  the  first  time  to
rescue  her  kidnapped  father,  Hank.  The
wasteland,  the  surface  of  post-nuclear
America,  has  been  ravaged  by  war.  It  is
a  land  of  ruins  and  skeletons  where  pure
water  is  as  precious  as  gold  and  animals
have  mutated  into  terrifying  monsters.
Apart  from  those  who  entered  one  of  the
122  underground  vaults  as  part  of
Vault-Tecs  program,  the  rest  of  humanity
either  perished  in  the  nuclear  blasts,
succumbed  to  radiation  sickness,  or  was
transformed  by  a  combination  of
radiation  and  the  forced  evolutionary
virus  FEV  into  a  type  of  mutant  known  as
a  ghoul.  After  more  than  200  years,  the
surviving  humans  have  gradually  rebuilt
civilization  on  the  wasteland,
establishing  villages,  cities,  and
dozens  of  factions  with  different  scales
and  ideologies,  such  as  the  Brotherhood
of  Steel,  the  New  California  Republic,
NCR,  the  Legion,  and  the  Institute.
However,  humanity's  warlike  nature  has
not  changed.  They  continue  to  fight  over
resources,  and  their  scarcity  has  made
people  even  more  savage.  In  this  harsh
environment,  Lucy  met  Dr.  Wilzig,  a
scientist  who  had  defected  from  the
enclave,  the  remnants  of  the  US
government  along  with  his  dog.  She
learned  that  Wilig's  employer  was  the
very  person  who  had  kidnapped  her
father.  And  so  carrying  the  cold  fusion
device  entrusted  to  her  by  the  doctor,
Lucy  headed  to  the  kidnapper's  location
in  the  New  California  Republic  to
negotiate.  Along  the  way,  Lucy
encountered  a  squire  from  the
Brotherhood  of  Steel,  Max,  and  the  two
developed  feelings  for  each  other.  She
also  crossed  paths  with  an  exceptionally
skilled  cowboy  ghoul,  Cooper,  who  was
trying  to  seize  the  cold  fusion  device.
After  a  tense  confrontation,  they
reached  an  understanding.  Cooper,  a
bounty  hunter,  was  a  household  name
before  the  war.  A  famous  actor  and  a
spokesman  for  Vault-Tec.  Having  become  a
ghoul,  he  has  lived  for  over  200  years.
His  time  on  the  surface  has  taught  him
the  brutal  rules  of  wasteland  survival.
Because  he  is  aware  of  Vault-Tec's
conspiracy  to  wipe  out  all  surface
dwellers  so  that  future  Vault  residents
can  rule  the  world.  Cooper  sees  the
company  as  his  mortal  enemy.  He  firmly
believes  that  if  he  can  find  a  key
employee  like  Hank,  he  can  learn  the
whereabouts  of  his  wife  and  daughter.  At
the  end  of  the  first  season,  the
Brotherhood  of  Steel  went  to  war  with
the  New  California  Republic.  The
Brotherhood  overran  the  NCR,  seizing  the
cold  fusion  device  and  its  limitless
energy.  Hank  used  the  chaos  to  escape  to
New  Vegas  to  continue  his  sinister
mission.  After  learning  of  Hank's  crime,
nuking  the  former  NCR  capital,  Lucy
decided  to  bring  her  father  to  justice.
She  and  Cooper,  now  unlikely  allies,  set
off  together  on  a  journey  to  find  him.
The  scene  shifts  to  the  Mojave
Wasteland,  where  sunlight  pierces
through  the  clouds  to  illuminate  a  place
called  Dinky's  Town,  a  small  settlement
built  from  a  dinosaur  statue  and  a
motel.  A  group  of  raiders  has  Cooper
hanging  from  a  makeshift  gallows,  vowing
to  avenge  their  fallen  comrades.  They
look  tough  and  angry,  but  Cooper  remains
unfazed.  He  had  let  himself  be  captured
on  purpose.  Not  far  away,  a  top  the
dinosaur  statue,  Lucy  is  aiming  her
rifle,  ready  to  act  with  her  companion,
Dog  Meat.  When  Cooper  gave  the  signal,
Lucy  was  supposed  to  shoot  the  rope,
allowing  the  formidable  Cooper  to  take
care  of  the  rest.  However,  when  the
signal  was  given,  nothing  happened.  Lucy
watched  as  the  execution  began,
hesitated,  then  stood  up  and  told  the
raiders  their  goal  was  simply  to  acquire
supplies.  It  turned  out  the  two  had
disagreed  on  how  to  handle  the  resupply.
Cooper  advocated  for  a  cunning,  violent
approach  as  planned.  While  Lucy  wanted
to  get  what  they  needed  peacefully,
clinging  to  the  naive  civility  of  her
vault,  she  told  the  raiders  that  if  they
just  gave  her  the  man  and  some  food,
there  would  be  no  trouble.
Unsurprisingly,  before  she  could  finish,
the  raiders  attacked.  Lucy  was  forced  to
shoot  the  rope,  getting  the  plan  back  on
track.  Lucy's  combat  style  is  more
refined.  She  fires  a  humanitarian
bullet,  precisely  hitting  an  enemy's
buttock.  Another  shot  detonates  a
fusionpowered  car  engine,  scattering  the
enemy  forces  with  a  5  m  wide  mushroom
cloud.  Cooper's  style,  in  contrast,  is
brutal.  He  grabs  a  weapon  loaded  with
explosive  rounds  and  triggering  a
critical  hit  animation,  just  like  in  the
games,  instantly  takes  down  two  enemies.
He  then  shoves  a  fragmentation  grenade
down  another's  collar,  creating  a  gory
firework  display  over  the  swimming  pool
in  a  manner  more  vicious  than  the
raiders  themselves.  With  Dinky's  Town
secured,  the  pair  continued  their
journey.  As  they  walked,  they  debriefed
their  performance.  Cooper  complained
that  he  was  nearly  killed,  but  Lucy
replied  that  she  wouldn't  apologize  for
not  slaughtering  people  unnecessarily.
This  sewed  a  seed  of  discord  between
them,  foreshadowing  future  perils.  Soon
they  reached  a  hilltop  and  got  a  full
view  of  New  Vegas.  Because  the  nuclear
bombs  were  shot  down  by  the  city's
anti-missile  defenses,  it  still  retained
its  pre-war  buildings,  casinos,  and
hotels.  The  tech  giant  Robco  Industries
was  headquartered  in  the  inner  city.
Four  major  factions,  the  Kings,  the
Followers  of  the  Apocalypse,  the  Van
Graphs,  and  the  Gamora  family  occupied
the  outer  area  known  as  Freide.  With  its
diverse  population,  advanced  technology,
and  abundant  entertainment,  New  Vegas
had  become  one  of  the  most  prosperous
cities  in  the  wasteland.  Lucy  wondered
why  if  the  government  could  protect
Vegas,  it  didn't  protect  the  entire
country.  Cooper  explained  that  the
anti-missile  system  didn't  belong  to  the
government,  but  to  House,  the  founder  of
Robco  Industries.  He  was  a  brilliant
scientist  with  an  intellect  comparable
to  Einstein's.  The  computer  terminals,
operating  systems,  and  most  of  the
robots  in  the  Fallout  world  were  his
inventions,  including  the  portable  Pit
Boy  terminal,  a  device  with  integrated
combat,  navigation,  and  lockpicking
functions.  At  the  same  time,  House  was  a
cold  and  ruthless  capitalist.  He  cared
nothing  for  America,  only  for  his  own
business  empire,  and  saved  Las  Vegas
merely  as  a  byproduct.  At  the  end  of  the
first  season,  during  the  corporate
meeting  where  they  discussed  launching
the  nukes,  he  had  called  the  end  of  the
world  a  business  opportunity  and  struck
a  deal  with  VaultTech.  In  the  second
season,  House  no  longer  bothers  with
pretenses,  openly  using  live  humans  as
test  subjects  for  his  new  inventions.  On
a  day  before  the  Great  War,  as  robots
replaced  a  massive  number  of  jobs,  an
unemployment  crisis  hit  Vegas.  Laborers
took  to  the  streets  in  protest,
denouncing  Robco  as  a  scab.  It  was  then
that  House  selected  three  men  from  the
resentful  crowd  and  led  them  into  an
alley.  He  offered  them  30  million  in
cash  to  participate  in  an  experiment.
Then  catching  one  off  guard,  he  attached
a  controller  to  the  back  of  his  neck.
With  a  simple  press  of  a  button,  the
subject  followed  his  commands.  House
ordered  the  man  to  attack  and  he  grabbed
a  baseball  bat  and  swung  at  his
companions.  He  ordered  the  man  to  stop
and  he  froze  like  a  machine.  However,
the  invention  had  not  yet  achieved  the
desired  effect.  The  test  subject
struggled  and  regained  control  of  his
body.  Seeing  this,  House  increased  the
power.  The  next  second,  the  man's  head
exploded  like  an  overripe  watermelon.
Another  failure.  House  regretfully
picked  up  his  device,  not  sparing  a
second  glance  for  the  guinea  pig  on  the
ground.  This  was  not  the  first  time  he
had  done  this,  nor  would  it  be  the  last.
In  his  view,  the  world  might  end,  but
progress  never  stops.  Returning  to  Lucy
and  Cooper,  the  two  followed  the  tracks
of  Hank's  power  armor  to  a  diner  with  a
sign  advertising  delicious,  freshlymade
daily  soup.  Cooper  believed  the  owner
knew  Hank's  whereabouts  and  intended  to
use  force  to  get  the  information.  Lucy
stopped  him,  reiterating  her  desire  to
solve  problems  civily.  She  politely
approached  the  owner  and  having  learned
her  lesson  from  trying  to  get  things  for
free,  bought  a  bowl  of  soup  as  a  form  of
exchange.  She  hadn't  expected  the  only
thing  on  the  menu  to  be  flea  soup.  A
bowl  of  dirty  water  with  fleas,  freshly
made  by  the  owner  for  the  price  of  two
Nucaca  bottle  caps,  which  is  the
accepted  currency  of  the  wasteland  due
to  their  sophisticated
anti-counterfeiting  technology.
Swallowing  her  disgust,  Lucy  took  a  sip
of  the  price  of  civility,  then  headed  in
the  direction  the  owner  had  pointed.
After  walking  for  some  time,  they
arrived  at  the  abandoned  Vault  24.  As
mentioned,  the  pit  boy  has  a  lockpicking
function  for  vault  doors.  Lucy  expertly
connected  to  the  door's  security  system
and  they  took  an  elevator  inside.  As
expected,  the  interior  was  in  ruins  and
all  the  residents  were  dead,  their
skeletons  indicating  they  had  been
deceased  for  many  years.  Strangely,  they
weren't  wearing  vault  jumpsuits,  but
rather  politically  charged  red  jackets.
Projections  played  red  propaganda  films,
making  this  vault  starkly  different  from
others.  After  a  survey,  they  discovered
all  the  deceased  were  Americans  and
quickly  realized  this  was  the  result  of
an  experiment.  In  the  closed  world  of
the  vault,  they  had  embraced  a  different
ideology  uninfluenced  by  the  outside
world.  This  was  permitted  by  vaulttech.
From  the  very  beginning  of  the  122
vaults  construction,  the  company  had
made  this  decision  without  the
government's  knowledge.  As  the  ruler  of
a  vault,  the  overseer  could  arrange  all
matters  according  to  their  own  vision,
creating  the  perfect  society  for  human
survival.  Thus,  these  social  experiments
gave  birth  not  only  to  a  communist  style
red  base,  but  also  a  scientific  research
institute  for  hybridizing  humans  and
axelottals  and  the  super  mutant
manufacturing  facility  that  tinkered
with  the  FEV  virus.  In  short,  out  of
more  than  100  vaults,  very  few  were
normal.  Almost  all  were  used  for  human
experimentation.  Vault  33,  where  Lucy
grew  up,  was  no  exception.  It  was  part
of  a  breeding  program  with  vaults  31  and
32.  The  three  were  interconnected  and
used  to  cultivate  a  new  generation  of
humans  to  reclaim  the  surface.  Vaults  32
and  33  were  the  breeding  pools  where
residents  received  specific  cultural
education  resulting  in  docsil
personalities  with  zero  sexual
repression  as  exemplified  by  the  stark
contrast  between  Lucy  and  the
surfacer-raised  Max.  Vault  31  was  the
elite  pool  containing  cryogenically
frozen  pre-war  high  potential  executives
and  super  managers.  Some  were  kept
frozen  to  manage  the  future  surface
population,  while  others  were  awakened
and  sent  to  the  other  two  vaults  to
serve  as  overseers,  maintaining  the
experiment  while  training  their
successors.  Hank  was  one  of  them.
Returning  to  the  present,  the  pair
finished  their  inspection  and  found  the
same  controller  House  had  used,  implying
that  House  had  been  the  overseer  here.
They  then  saw  a  vagrant  Hank  had  brought
in  for  an  experiment,  who  promptly
self-detonated.  They  realized  the
controller  was  the  true  subject  of  Vault
24's  experiment.  After  countless
adjustments,  its  power  had  evolved  from
controlling  the  human  body  to  altering
human  ideology.  Obtaining  it  was  one  of
Hank's  reasons  for  passing  through.  The
other  reason  was  the  experimental  data
on  the  terminal.  Lucy  discovered  that
the  hard  drive  had  been  removed  by  Hank,
its  destination  unknown.  The  scene  cuts
to  Hank  holding  the  hard  drive  as  he
walks  into  a  management  level  vault.
Unlike  the  dilapidated  vaults,  this  one
was  spacious,  well  stocked,  and  equipped
with  all  kinds  of  workbenches.  It  even
offered  various  coffee  flavors  and
hundreds  of  custom  suits.  Hank  dressed
himself  up,  putting  on  a  professional
suit  and  a  limited  edition  solid  gold
pit  boy.  He  then  got  back  to  his  long
neglected  work,  but  a  question  arises
with  nearly  all  VaultTech  executives
dead.  Who  was  he  working  for?  Hank
addressed  the  person  on  the  other  end  of
the  radio  as  sir,  stating  he  was  about
to  take  over  his  unfinished  business  and
mention  the  controllers's  development
and  a  promotion.  This  reveals  Hank's
identity  as  a  corporate  spy  for  Robco.
The  sir  he  mentioned  also  seemed  to  be
pointing  to  House.  Although  there  was  no
response  from  House,  Hank  was  convinced
he  was  still  alive.  He  began  to
integrate  the  experimental  data  from
Vault  24  and  his  current  location  to
continue  his  research.  He  found  that  the
former's  research  theme  was  brain
computer  interfaces,  which  was  complete,
and  the  latters  was  miniaturization,
which  had  also  made  significant
progress.  The  problem  was  that  the
controller  still  lacked  a  stable  balance
to  prevent  explosions  and  required
extensive  debugging.  So  Hank  began
shuttling  between  the  lab  and  the
livestock  area,  experimenting  on  lab
rats.  Initially,  he  fitted  the  rats  with
controllers  and  adjusted  the  power  to
see  if  they  would  sit  at  a  computer  and
work  like  humans.  However,  all
experiments  failed.  The  rats  either
ignored  his  commands  or  exploded  midway.
The  entire  stock  of  rats  was  quickly
depleted,  causing  Hank  great
frustration.  He  began  to  wonder  what
else  was  plentiful  in  the  vault  and
suitable  for  experimentation.  Soon,
Hank's  gaze  fell  upon  the  cryopods
containing  the  customers  who  had
purchased  vault  memberships.  After  all,
with  the  pre-war  world  destroyed,  their
fame  and  status  no  longer  existed.  In
that  sense,  there  is  no  difference
between  them  and  rats.  Without
hesitation,  Hank  awakened  an  old-timer
who  had  been  frozen  for  200  years  after
purchasing  a  Supreme  Elite  package.  He
attached  a  controller  to  the  man.  The
man  asked  if  Reclamation  Day  had
arrived,  feeling  a  slight  sting  in  the
haze.  Hank  didn't  answer.  He  simply
sipped  his  champagne,  smiled,  and  turned
a  dial.  Electric  waves  coursed  through
the  man's  brain,  causing  him  to  convulse
violently.  Back  with  Lucy,  after  leaving
the  vault,  the  pair  crossed  a  desert  and
neared  an  abandoned  hospital.  Screams
echoed  from  within.  Lucy  decided  to
investigate  and  offer  help.  Cooper,
though  he  believed  that  in  the
wasteland,  compassion  was  as  worthless
as  dog  crap,  couldn't  withstand  Lucy's
pleading  and  accompanied  her  inside.  The
hospital  was  in  even  worse  shape  than
the  vault  with  skeletons  strewn  in
various  positions,  exuding  an  ominous
aura.  They  followed  the  sounds  to  a
basement  where  a  man  and  a  woman  in
uniform  lay,  apparently  attacked  by  some
creature.  Lucy  went  to  the  woman's  side
and  bandaged  her  wounds,  giving  her  the
last  medicine  that  could  heal  crippled
limbs.  Cooper,  in  contrast,  approached
the  surviving  man.  One  moment  he  was
offering  to  help  him  up,  the  next  he
pulled  out  a  knife  and  put  the  man  out
of  his  misery.  Not  only  that,  Cooper
borrowed  his  meat,  solving  their  dinner
problem.  This  made  Lucy  fly  into  a  rage.
She  stopped  Cooper  from  finishing  off
the  other  person.  Cooper  was  about  to
argue,  but  a  sudden  lurch  in  his  stomach
made  him  realize  there  was  a  more
pressing  problem  than  teaching  a  kid
about  reality.  The  man  had  been  poisoned
by  a  rad  scorpion.  That  was  why  they
were  trapped  here.  Speak  of  the  devil
and  he  shall  appear.  In  an  instant,  Rad
scorpion  hatchlings  swarmed  from  a
ventilation  duck,  pouncing  on  them.
Cooper,  with  his  high  agility,  quickly
dodged  and  shot  one  dead.  Lucy's  agility
was  average,  but  with  her  luck  and
perception  stats  at  seven,  she  avoided
injury.  Noticing  a  frying  pan  nearby,
she  used  a  melee  attack  to  dispatch  a
creature.  But  the  real  show  was  just
beginning.  A  high-level  giant  rad
scorpion  emerged  from  the  darkness.
Dozens  of  times  larger  than  the  grunts.
It  attacked,  its  strength  easily
piercing  through  steel  plates.  Lucy
dodged  while  checking  on  the  woman,
ensuring  she  was  still  alive.  Cooper,
with  his  low  luck,  was  targeted.
Retreating  blindly,  he  was  cornered.  In
a  desperate  move,  he  grabbed  the  woman
to  use  as  a  shield,  deflecting  a  fatal
blow.  He  then  found  an  opening  and
shoved  a  fragmentation  grenade  into  the
scorpion's  body.  With  the  danger
neutralized,  Cooper  was  paralyzed  from
the  scorpion  sting,  and  the  woman,
having  taken  a  blow  for  him,  was  on  the
verge  of  death.  Both  looked  at  Lucy,
hoping  she  would  use  the  healing
medicine  on  them.  Lucy  unhesitatingly
chose  the  woman.  This  was  partly  to
punish  Cooper,  and  partly  because  she
knew  ghouls  only  die  from  a  headsh  shot,
so  there  was  no  need  to  worry.  Lucy  told
Cooper  to  lie  there  and  detoxify  while
she  took  the  woman  back  to  her  camp,
promising  to  return  for  him  later.  The
two  supported  each  other  as  they  left
the  hospital  and  entered  a  forest,
unwittingly  arriving  in  the  territory  of
Caesar's  Legion.  Lucy  was  horrified.  In
her  vault  textbooks,  the  Legion  was
depicted  as  nothing  good.  A  group  of
brutal  slavers  attempting  to  resurrect
the  culture  of  ancient  Rome  in  the
wasteland.  They  were  the  mortal  enemies
of  the  democratic  and  law-abiding  NCR.
In  the  Legion,  men  were  almost
exclusively  soldiers,  while  women  were
tools  for  procreation  and  manual  labor.
The  woman  Lucy  had  saved  was  one  of
them.  Now  surrounded  by  Legion  soldiers,
Lucy  had  a  sinking  feeling.  Meanwhile,
in  his  delirious  state,  Cooper  flashed
back  to  his  pre-war  life.  His  wife  was  a
Vault-Tech  executive.  One  day,  Cooper
overheard  on  a  hidden  microphone  the
inside  story  of  Vault-Tec's  plan  to
launch  the  atomic  bombs.  Later,  he  met
with  the  pro-democracy  activist.  Because
House  was  the  most  technologically
capable  person  to  launch  the  nukes,  and
Cooper's  wife  was  going  to  sell  him  the
cold  fusion  device,  the  activist  gave
Cooper  a  mission,  accompany  his  wife  to
Vegas  and  eliminate  House.  Soon  after,
after  gathering  some  information  about
House  from  a  friend,  Cooper  arrived  at
the  Lucky  38  Casino  in  Vegas.  A  cocktail
party  was  in  full  swing.  A  young  Hank
was  also  present,  acting  as  Cooper's
wife's  assistant.  A  briefcase  chained  to
his  wrist,  seemingly  containing  the
object  of  the  deal.  Cooper  pondered  how
to  get  it,  but  before  he  could  act,  he
was  summoned  by  House's  men.  An  elevator
took  him  straight  to  the  top  floor  where
he  met  House.  House  sat  before  a  massive
terminal  mainframe  controlling  the
cathode  ray  tube  displays.  Countless
lines  of  code  scrolled  across  the
screens,  showcasing  his  immense
computing  power.  He  had  even  calculated
Cooper's  assassination  attempt.  He
bluntly  told  Cooper  that  he  knew  he  was
there  to  kill  him,  which  left  Cooper
momentarily  stunned.  However,  House
didn't  harm  him.  Instead,  he  explained
his  purpose  for  buying  the  Cold  Fusion
device.  House  didn't  want  to  destroy  the
world.  On  the  contrary,  he  planned  to
use  Cold  Fusion  to  merge  man  and
machine,  allowing  him  to  achieve
immortality  in  a  digital  form  while
controlling  New  Vegas's  anti-missile
defense  system.  With  the
misunderstanding  cleared  up,  Cooper,
feeling  that  House  knew  everything,
confessed  Vault-Tec's  nuclear  plan.
House  revealed  that  he  already  had  this
information  and  had  calculated  the  exact
time  of  the  apocalypse.  It's  5:17  a.m.
on  April  14th,  2065.  Coincidentally,  his
daughter's  birthday.  And  interestingly,
he  pointed  out  that  because  of  Cooper's
arrival  in  New  Vegas,  the  apocalypse  had
been  moved  up  by  a  month,  implying  that
Cooper  himself  was  the  one  who  would
destroy  the  world.  Hearing  this,  Cooper
became  enraged.  Looking  at  House,  who
was  putting  on  the  man  machine  interface
helmet,  he  called  him  a  madman.  After  a
heated  exchange,  he  left  the  room  filled
with  anger  and  resentment.  Back  in  the
present,  Lucy  was  taken  to  the  Legion's
main  camp  the  next  day.  She  walked  past
whipped  laborers  and  hurried  soldiers  to
stand  before  the  Leot,  the  highest
military  commander.  The  Leot  told  her
she  had  failed  to  protect  one  of  his
legionaries  and  right  in  front  of  her
stabbed  the  woman  she  had  worked  so  hard
to  save.  Then  he  brought  Lucy  to  the
legion's  leader,  Caesar.  It  turned  out
the  leot  hadn't  killed  Lucy  because  he
wanted  her  for  himself.  As  he  discussed
Lucy's  first  night  rights  with  Caesar,
he  removed  his  mask.  Realizing  her
situation,  Lucy  laughed  bitterly.  She
told  them  the  right  of  the  first  night
was  a  medieval  custom,  not  from  ancient
Rome.  She  added  that  her  first  night  was
long  gone  and  she  had  a  long  history  of
fooling  around  with  her  cousins.
Unsurprisingly,  shortly  after  her
speech,  Lucy's  sexy  body  was  tied  to  a
cross  without  hormone  mercy.  She  saw
birds  pecking  at  a  nearby  corpse  and
struggled  to  escape  the  same  fate.  She
also  saw  a  splinter  faction  of  the
Legion  on  the  opposite  bank  and  realized
the  two  groups  were  at  war,  but  she
couldn't  break  free  and  could  only  wait
for  rescue.  Back  at  the  hospital,
Cooper,  having  recovered  from  the
poison,  got  up.  He  and  Dog  Meat  followed
Lucy's  smelly  scent  to  a  nearby  hill
where  they  saw  her  predicament  and  the
standoff  between  the  two  Legion
factions.  To  save  her,  Cooper  went  to
the  local  NCR  branch  for  help.  After  the
war  in  the  previous  season,  the  NCR
capital  had  fallen  and  its  then
president  was  killed.  As  a  result,  NCR's
reinforcement  capabilities  were  severely
diminished,  leaving  behind  this  empty
city  that  had  been  defeated  by  the
Legion.  Fortunately,  Cooper  found  a
security  robot  that  told  him  there  were
still  some  NCR  remnants  on  a  nearby
hill,  and  it  directed  him  there.  Soon
after,  two  very  punk-l  lookinging
individuals  appeared  before  Cooper.  One
was  a  NCR  captain  and  the  other  was  a
hospitable  old  ranger  who  managed  to  get
the  drop  on  Cooper.  Normally,  the  old
ranger  would  have  decisively  eliminated
a  potential  threat,  but  the  captain
recognized  Cooper  from  his  past  dealings
with  the  NCR  and  stopped  him.  Unlike  the
xenophobic  Brotherhood  of  Steel,  the  NCR
was  very  tolerant  of  ghouls.  As  long  as
they  weren't  feral  ghouls  who  attacked
on  site,  ghouls  had  the  right  to  become
NCR  citizens.  Because  of  this,  Cooper
had  cooperated  with  them  many  times.  The
captain  informed  Cooper  that  they  were
the  only  two  left  in  this  area.  20  years
ago,  after  Hank  pacified  the  former  NCR
capital,  the  two  of  them  had  been
trapped  by  the  Legion's  encirclement,
waiting  for  reinforcements  for  years.
So,  helping  Cooper  was  out  of  the
question.  The  only  thing  the  captain
could  do  was  give  Cooper  a  box  of
anti-radiation  pills  to  slow  his  brain
degradation  and  restore  him  to  peak
combat  condition.  Cooper  was  formidable,
so  it  wasn't  impossible  for  him  to  take
on  the  Legion  alone.  But  that  would  be
too  much  trouble.  He  had  a  more  elegant
way  to  win.  The  next  moment,  Cooper
strode  confidently  into  the  Legion  camp.
He  glanced  at  the  parched  Lucy  and  went
to  Caesar  in  the  Leot.  As  it  turns  out,
Cooper's  charisma  was  a  seven,  giving
him  a  high  success  rate  when  persuading
targets.  Coupled  with  Caesar's
simple-minded  belligerance,  as  soon  as
Cooper  mentioned  the  location  of  the  NCR
remnants,  Caesar  lost  all  interest  in
Lucy's  fate  and  let  Cooper  take  her.
Soon,  Cooper  strodeed  out  of  the  camp
just  as  confidently.  As  the  Legion
busied  itself  preparing  to  annihilate
the  NCR  that  night,  he  tossed  a  remote
detonated  bomb  onto  a  pile  of  gunpowder.
Then,  once  he  reached  the  hilltop,  he
pressed  the  switch.  A  massive  explosion
ripped  through  the  sky  and  the  resulting
dust  cloud  instantly  enveloped  the
entire  camp.  The  other  side  receiving
Cooper's  signal  launched  a  surprise
attack.  The  two  factions  immediately
fell  into  a  brutal  fight.  And  just  like
that,  with  one  stone,  Cooper  killed  two
birds.  He  rescued  Lucy  without  a  scratch
and  crippled  a  faction  he  despised.  Due
to  the  Civil  War,  the  Legion  had  to
postpone  its  campaign  against  the  NCR.
Unable  to  march  on  the  location  that
Cooper  had  likely  fabricated,  the  two
continued  their  journey  towards  New
Vegas.  Before  we  continue  their  story,
let's  turn  our  attention  to  the  show's
other  protagonist,  Max.  After  claiming
Lucy's  father's  kidnapper's  head  last
season,  Max  was  promoted  from  a  common
Brotherhood  of  Steel  member  to  a  knight,
gaining  the  power  armor  he  had  always
dreamed  of.  The  Brotherhood  of  Steel  is
a  quasi  religious  military  organization
that  worships  technology.  Because  99%  of
its  members  are  male,  it's  known  as  the
Brotherhood.  Their  iconic  gear  includes
the  T60  model  power  armor  and
Brotherhood  airships.  Their  goal  is  to
find  pre-war  technology  and  eliminate
the  evil  forces  of  the  wasteland.  But
this  evil  includes  all  ghouls  and  super
mutants,  a  form  of  racial  bigotry.  One
day,  Max's  Brotherhood  chapter
discovered  a  pre-war  military  outpost.
It  contained  refrigerators,
fusionpowered  cars,  various  workbenches,
and  a  folded  American  flag.  Since  Max
had  secured  the  cold  fusion  device  at
the  end  of  last  season,  the  chapter's
leader  decided  to  expand  their  influence
and  break  away  from  the  main  brotherhood
command.  He  called  a  meeting  with  the
leaders  of  several  other  chapters  to
form  a  coalition.  To  show  off  his
chapter's  strength,  he  had  Max  spar  with
a  burly  man  from  another  chapter.  The
two  began  a  prehistoric  UFC  match  with
no  weight  classes.  Max  looked  at  his
opponent's  muscles,  then  back  at  the
leader  as  if  to  say  he's  kidding  him,
and  was  promptly  knocked  to  the  ground.
But  Max  was  no  pushover.  According  to
official  data,  his  strength  and  agility
are  both  seven,  making  him  a  melee
build.  He  quickly  turned  the  tables.
However,  his  opponent  not  only  had  a
weight  advantage,  but  also  didn't  play
by  the  rules,  pulling  a  dagger  on  the
unarmed  Max.  That  left  Max  with  no
choice.  He  disarmed  his  opponent,  pinned
him  down,  and  while  being  choked,  used
the  dagger  to  end  the  fight.  After  the
battle,  a  liaison  from  the  main  command
interrupted  the  rebellion  meeting.  His
purpose  was  to  oversee  the  chapter.
Realizing  the  main  command  knew,  the
potential  allies  backed  out  and  the
leader's  plan  fell  apart.  While  the
leader  was  dejected,  the  liaison  and  Max
hit  it  off.  After  chatting  for  a  while,
they  decided  they  liked  each  other  and
the  liaison  took  Max  out  to  find  nearby
evil  outposts  to  clear.  They  breached  a
Nucacola  factory  and  fought  the  security
robots  inside.  The  liaison  was  armed
with  a  melee  weapon  with  a  base  damage
of  80.  With  the  thrusting  effect  from
his  power  armor,  its  damage  could  reach
110.  He  lunged  forward  and  smashed  a
robot's  arm  with  one  swing.  Max  followed
up,  destroying  its  head.  They  quickly
secured  their  first  kill.  Deep  inside
the  factory,  they  found  a  group  of  ghoul
children  secretly  producing  bottle  caps.
Their  leader  was  a  former  Brotherhood
member  and  an  old  friend  of  Max
Thaddius.  After  a  fateful  encounter
turned  him  into  a  ghoul,  Thaddius  had
left  the  brotherhood  and  hidden  here,
knowing  full  well  how  the  brotherhood
treated  ghouls.  However,  the  liaison  was
a  typical  Brotherhood  representative.  He
subscribed  to  the  exterminate  all  ghouls
philosophy  and  aimed  his  weapon  at  the
freaks  preparing  to  carry  out  a  massacre
despite  Max's  protests.  Left  with  no
choice,  Max  killed  the  liaison  to  save
his  friend.  He  opened  his  helmet,
revealing  his  identity  with  a  look  of
despair  and  quietly  told  his  friend  that
he  thought  he  had  just  started  a  war.
And  so  without  his  knowledge,  Max  had
just  confirmed  his  leader's  rebellion.
To  resolve  the  situation,  Max  brought
Thaddius  back  to  the  chapter.  He  tried
to  have  Thaddius  impersonate  the  liaison
to  buy  time  while  he  explained  to  his
leader  that  he  had  killed  the  liaison  in
the  name  of  justice.  However,  things
took  an  unpredictable  turn.  First,  as
Thaddius  was  just  sitting  in  the  mess
hall,  two  paladins  from  different
chapters  approached  him,  offering  to
ally  with  the  main  command  to  deal  with
the  leader.  The  two  paladins  even
started  fighting  each  other  over  it.
Meanwhile,  Max  faced  the  same  reaction
as  the  liaison  had  earlier.  As  soon  as
the  leader  heard  that  the  person  Max  was
protecting  was  a  ghoul,  he  flew  into  a
rage.  He  pulled  out  a  pistol  and
exchanged  fire  with  Max's  laser  pistol.
Neither  hit  their  mark.  In  the  chaos,
Max  grabbed  the  cold  fusion  device  and
fled  the  Brotherhood  with  Thaddius.
Behind  them,  an  airship  rapidly  crashed,
signaling  the  start  of  a  major  conflict.
Back  with  Lucy  after  leaving  the  Legion,
the  two  rested  at  the  Ranger  outpost  for
a  couple  of  days.  The  captain  gave  Lucy
some  kind  of  drug  that  restored  her
health  and  action  points  and  gave  her  a
whole  case  of  weapons,  including  rifles,
shotguns,  and  hunting  rifles.  Geared  up,
Lucy  and  Cooper  continued  their  journey.
The  weather  was  fine  and  the  wasteland
was  as  desolate  as  ever.  They  traveled
unimpeded  until  they  reached  the
outskirts  of  New  Vegas.  Just  then,  Lucy
started  to  feel  strange.  She  asked
Cooper  and  learned  it  was  a  side  effect
of  the  drug  Psycho  she  had  been  taking
for  the  past  2  days.  It  was  something
best  taken  before  a  fight.  While  active,
it  boosted  the  user's  strength,
endurance,  and  maximum  health.  But
overuse  led  to  addiction  and  withdrawal
symptoms  such  as  the  hunger,  and
irritability  Lucy  was  currently
experiencing.  If  left  untreated,  it
could  cause  vomiting  and  fainting.
Without  a  doctor  or  a  dose  of  Addictl,
it  would  take  5  days  to  overcome  the
side  effects.  Lucy  thought  for  a  moment
and  decided  that  traveling  was  more
important,  so  she  asked  Cooper  for
another  dose  of  psycho  drug.  They  soon
reached  the  outskirts  of  New  Vegas,  but
trouble  awaited.  A  horde  of  feral
ghouls,  fast  and  numerous,  roamed  the
area.  A  tough  challenge  for  a  novice.
But  Lucy,  pumped  up  on  Psycho,  was  in
top  form.  She  charged  in,  weapons
blazing.  She  blew  out  a  ghoul's  Achilles
tendon  and  felt  a  surge  of  exhilaration.
Realizing  that  killing  feral  ghouls
wasn't  technically  murder,  she  let
loose.  As  mentioned,  Lucy's  perception
and  luck  stats  are  high.  Besides  helping
her  avoid  danger  in  combat,  perception
increases  hit  chance  and  action  points,
allowing  for  multiple  kills  in  a  short
time,  while  luck  increases  critical  hit
rate,  dealing  massive  damage.  As  a
result,  Lucy  emerged  from  the  battle
unscathed  and  in  less  time  than  it  took
Cooper.  After  clearing  the  city  gates,
they  headed  toward  the  inner  city.
Cooper  felt  something  was  off.  The  New
Vegas,  he  remembered,  wasn't  this
dilapidated,  nor  were  there  so  many
feral  ghouls  in  the  outer  city.  Clearly
something  had  happened  in  the  last  15
years.  Judging  by  their  appearance,
these  ghouls  belong  to  the  Kings,  a  gang
that  idolized  the  American  rock  and  roll
singer  Elvis  Presley  and  emulated  him  in
every  way,  doing  good  deeds  for  the
local  populace,  like  maintaining
community  order,  providing  fresh  water,
and  driving  off  raiders.  But  now  they
had  all  turned  feral,  a  sad  sight  to
behold.  They  walked  until  nightfall  and
reached  the  heart  of  the  inner  city,
where  New  Vegas's  most  iconic  buildings
stood.  On  the  far  right  with  its  two
sexy  showgirl  neon  signs  was  the  Gamora
Casino.  On  the  far  left  was  the  tallest
building  in  the  city,  the  Robco
Industries  headquarters  and  the  location
of  House's  casino,  the  Lucky  38.  Before
the  war,  Cooper  had  been  to  its  top
floor  and  met  House  before  he  had
connected  his  brain  to  the  terminal.
They  moved  through  the  ruins  of  the
inner  city,  lamenting  its  decay.  Cooper
suspected  a  radiation  leak  and  looked  up
at  House's  tower.  Lucy,  on  the  other
hand,  picked  up  an  eggshell  and  joked
about  the  size  of  the  chickens  here,
which  made  Cooper's  face  pale  with  fear.
It  wasn't  a  chicken  egg.  It  was  the  egg
of  a  monster.  As  if  on  Q,  a  deafening
roar  drew  their  attention.  From  inside  a
building,  a  pair  of  claws  effortlessly
tore  through  a  heavy  steel  door.  One  of
the  most  iconic  monsters  of  the  Fallout
world  had  appeared.  The  Deathclaw,  a
pre-war  bioweapon  created  by  the  US
military  by  genetically  engineering
Jackson's  chameleons  and  various  other
animals.  A  typical  deathclaw  stands  3  m
tall  with  two  giant  horns.  Not  only  are
they  incredibly  fast  and  tough,  but  they
can  also  shred  through  power  armor  with
a  single  swipe.  They  escaped  their  labs
after  the  war  and  proliferated  in  the
wasteland,  becoming  the  apex  predators
of  the  food  chain.  A  deathclaw  requires
the  support  of  power  armor  and  a  minigun
to  be  taken  down.  At  the  very  least,  a
rocket  launcher  is  needed.  The  pair  were
clearly  underequipped.  Cooper,  seeing
this,  didn't  dare  act  rashly,  especially
when  he  realized  there  was  more  than
one.  He  immediately  decided  to  run.  They
took  cover  behind  a  car,  detonated  a
grenade  to  distract  the  death  claws,  and
then  dashed  through  a  gap  in  the  city
gate.  And  so  they  arrived  in  Freide,  the
outer  ring  of  New  Vegas.  Compared  to  the
previous  day,  this  place  was  finally
bustling  with  life.  Casinos,  hotels,
restaurants,  and  apothecaries  lined  the
streets,  which  were  filled  with  people
and  a  sense  of  vitality.  Just  then,
Lucy's  addiction  kicked  in  again.  She
asked  Cooper  for  more  psycho,  wanting  to
use  its  effects  to  fight  her  way  back
into  the  inner  city,  but  Cooper  ignored
her,  simply  giving  her  some  caps  and
telling  her  to  buy  addictl  at  the
general  store.  After  that,  Cooper
decided  to  unwind  at  a  bar.  But  in  this
place  of  fun,  Cooper  just  sat  at  the  bar
drinking  sullenly  and  lost  in  memories.
That  day,  before  his  wife  went  to  Vegas
for  the  deal,  Robco  Industries  had
recommended  a  newly  developed  product  to
VaultTech,  the  controller  mentioned
earlier.  It  was  a  brain  computer
interface  chip  designed  to  make  people
work  with  machine-like  efficiency.  House
offered  to  provide  this  technology  to
Vault-Tec  in  exchange  for  the  cold
fusion  device  and  a  research  facility  to
improve  the  technology  which  later
became  Vault  24  where  Hank  passed
through.  Cooper's  wife  agreed  to  house's
terms  which  led  to  her  trip  to  New  Vegas
with  the  cold  fusion  device.  That  night,
Cooper  confronted  her.  After  the  nuclear
launch  meeting,  his  wife  explained  the
whole  situation.  In  reality,  she  was
just  an  employee,  and  a  group  of  even
higher  level  executives  controlled
Vault-Tec  and  had  devised  the  plan  to
destroy  the  world.  She  was  powerless  to
stop  it.  Hearing  that  his  wife  wouldn't
help,  Cooper  took  matters  into  his  own
hands.  He  took  a  drunk  Hank  to  a  room,
drugged  him,  and  tried  to  get  the  cold
fusion  device  from  the  briefcase.  But  to
his  surprise,  the  case  only  contained  an
injection  gun.  The  cold  fusion  device
was  nowhere  to  be  found.  Just  then,  the
wife  walked  in  on  the  scene.  She  coolly
passed  Cooper,  who  used  the  injector  to
extract  the  cold  fusion  device  hidden
inside  Hank's  body  and  handed  it  to  him.
After  all,  they  were  family,  and  she
didn't  want  the  world  to  be  destroyed  by
Robco  either,  so  she  helped  him.  But  in
doing  so,  she  set  a  catastrophe  in
motion.  Back  with  Lucy,  she  took  the
caps  to  the  general  store  that  Cooper
had  mentioned.  They  did  have  Addictl,
but  the  price  was  exorbitant.  The  normal
price  was  125  caps,  but  here  it  was
1,000.  Lucy  obviously  didn't  have  enough
money.  She  sighed  and  was  about  to  leave
when  she  noticed  the  store's  back  door
was  open.  After  a  moment's  thought,  Lucy
went  into  stealth  mode.  While  the
employee  was  upstairs,  she  quietly
approached  the  shelves.  Seeing  no  one,
she  snatched  the  attic  hall.  Then  she
saw  a  power  fist  priced  at  10,000  caps
and  stole  that,  too.  However,  as  Lucy
was  leaving  the  way  she  came,  the
employee  who  had  come  downstairs  at  some
point  called  out  to  her.  Lucy  claimed
she  had  just  taken  a  wrong  turn  and
tried  to  slip  away,  but  then  she  saw  a
dead  body  in  the  corner  that  looked  just
like  the  shop  owner.  She  instantly
realized  what  was  going  on.  The  person
in  front  of  her  wasn't  an  employee,  but
a  raider.  His  clothes  didn't  fit  because
he  had  stolen  them  from  the  owner.  He
didn't  want  customers,  so  he  had  jacked
up  the  prices  of  all  the  goods.  Reacting
quickly,  Lucy  struck  first  and  killed
him,  sending  him  to  raid  Jesus  in
heaven.  After  leaving  the  store,  Lucy
took  the  addict.  The  effect  was
immediate,  causing  her  to  vomit
uncontrollably  in  the  street.  Afterward,
she  met  up  with  Cooper  to  plan  their
attack  on  the  death  claws.  But
unexpectedly,  someone  else  had  found
Cooper  first  and  successfully  turned
him.  It  was  the  snake  oil  salesman  from
the  first  season.  This  madman  also  came
to  New  Vegas.  After  cheerfully
dispatching  a  few  radroaches,  he  was
knocked  out  and  taken  by  Hank  in  front
of  a  taco  shop.  He  was  fitted  with  a
debugged  controller  and  became  the  first
successful  test  subject.  So,  he  had  been
sent  by  Hank  here.  In  the  time  Lucy  was
in  the  store,  he  had  made  a  deal  with
Cooper.  The  terms  were  that  Cooper  would
safely  return  Lucy  to  Vault  33,  and  in
return,  Hank  would  ensure  the  safety  of
Cooper's  cryogenically  frozen  wife  and
their  daughter.  With  the  explanation
over,  Cooper  fired  a  tranquilizer  dart,
knocking  Lucy  out.  The  salesman,  seeing
this,  turned  to  report  back.  But  just  as
Cooper,  regretting  his  decision,  but
feeling  he  had  no  choice,  began  to
package  Lucy  up,  she  forced  herself  to
her  feet.  As  Cooper  looked  out  the
window,  she  raised  the  power  fist  and
attacked  him.  After  sending  Cooper
flying  out  like  a  Barbie  toy,  Lucy
collapsed.  In  her  hazy  state,  she  saw
her  father  approaching,  calling  her  by
her  nickname.  Lucy  was  taken  by  Hank  and
woke  up  in  the  management  vault.
Ignoring  the  note  Hank  left,  she  decided
to  use  a  fire  extinguisher  to  take  out
the  guards.  But  when  she  made  her  move,
the  two  guards  were  surprisingly
friendly.  They  didn't  resist  at  all  and
even  showed  her  the  way  to  the  office
area.  Even  stranger,  every  employee  here
was  polite.  They  greeted  each  other,
worked  in  an  orderly  fashion,  were
neatly  dressed,  and  moved  in  unison,
which  made  Lucy's  already  wide  eyes  even
wider.  She  then  went  to  the  room  where
Hank  was,  he  had  already  prepared
breakfast,  awaiting  a  family  reunion.
But  Lucy's  goal  hadn't  changed.  She  put
handcuffs  on  her  father,  intending  to
take  him  back  to  Vault  33.  Even  when
Hank  told  her  that  everything  he  did  was
for  her,  she  remained  resolute.  As  they
walked  through  the  office  area,  two
newly  captured  employees  were  going
through  the  onboarding  process.  One  was
from  the  Legion  and  the  other  was  the
old  ranger  from  before.  Both  had  the
controllers  attached  to  the  back  of
their  necks.  With  a  press  of  a  button,
they  would  become  as  docile  as  the
employee  of  the  year.  Lucy  couldn't
stand  it  and  stop  the  process.  The  two
took  the  opportunity  to  start  brawling
and  the  scene  descended  into  chaos.  In  a
moment  of  panic,  Lucy  pressed  the
button,  ending  the  fight  and  restoring
order.  In  Freside,  Cooper  had  been  sent
flying  by  Lucy  and  was  now  impaled  on  a
lamp  post,  unable  to  move.  He  tried  to
get  the  scattered  anti-radiation  pills,
but  passers  by  ignored  him.  He  told  his
dog  to  get  it,  but  dog  meat  brought  back
his  hat,  which  was  useless.  Just  then,
Cooper  started  to  become  agitated,  a
sign  of  turning  feral.  The  nuclear
radiation  was  causing  his  brain  to
decay,  reverting  him  to  a  wild  beastlike
state.  Nightfell,  and  Cooper  still
hadn't  gotten  the  medicine.  He  struggled
on  the  lampost  and  dog  meat  was  gone,
leaving  him  alone  and  abandoned.  He
thought  of  his  wife  and  daughter.  Fueled
by  willpower,  he  slowly  lifted  his  body
on  the  verge  of  freeing  himself,  but
ultimately  fell  short.  Cooper  thought,
"Let  it  end.  All  hope  lost."  At  this
desperate  moment,  a  tall,  large-chested
figure  in  black  approached  him.  Their
breathing  was  deep  and  powerful.  With  a
single  chop,  they  broke  the  steel  pole,
freeing  Cooper.  Then,  using  their  rac's
signature  cart,  they  dragged  him  back  to
their  base.  It  was  a  Catholic  church.
Though  it  looked  normal  from  the
outside,  the  bags  of  meat  hanging  inside
and  the  filthy  environment,  like  a  cross
between  a  garbage  dump  and  a  slaughter
house,  indicated  its  owner  was  no
priest,  but  a  super  mutant.  They  were
the  true  product  the  US  military  had
intended  to  create  with  the  FE  virus.
Super  soldiers  created  by  directly
immersing  humans  in  an  improved  version
of  the  virus.  They  were  characterized  by
their  Hulk-like  appearance,  tough  skin,
and  generally  low  intelligence.  Although
ghouls  were  also  affected  by  the  FE
virus,  their  mutation  was  a  result  of
long-term  exposure  to  nuclear  radiation
and  the  FEV  virus  released  into  the  air
after  the  war,  an  accidental  occurrence
completely  different  from  the  creation
of  super  mutants.  Cooper  was  hung  spread
eagled  on  a  netbed  unsure  of  what  was
happening.  His  cries  went  unanswered  and
a  gaping  hole  in  his  chest  made  him  look
like  a  piece  of  meat  ready  to  be
butchered.  Before  he  could  process  it,
the  super  mutant  picked  up  a  piece  of
glowing  uranium,  stating  that  he  needed
Cooper's  combat  skills.  He  embedded  the
uranium  into  Cooper's  body.  The  pain  was
immense,  but  the  healing  effect  was
immediate.  It  turned  out  this  was  a
super  mutant  doctor.  Because  he  saw
ghouls  as  kindred  spirits,  he  had  saved
Cooper's  life.  And  because  he  hated  the
Enclave,  he  needed  to  recruit  Cooper  as
an  ally  to  fight  the  evil  Enclave
remnants.  The  Enclave,  the  creators  of
the  Super  Mutants,  had  their  main  base
destroyed  in  2268.  So  after  that,  only
scattered,  insignificant  remnants  were
left  in  the  wasteland.  But  the  show's
timeline  is  now  2296.  From  the  Super
Mutants  talk  of  an  impending  war,  it  can
be  inferred  that  the  Enclave  may  have
regrouped  into  a  powerful  faction  during
their  28  years  of  hiding.  The  Super
Mutant  invited  Cooper  to  join  his  cause.
An  agreement  would  have  made  him  a
companion.  But  Cooper,  speaking  too
quickly,  said  he  only  wanted  to  find  his
wife.  He  was  promptly  knocked
unconscious.  When  he  awoke,  he  had  been
dumped  in  a  warehouse  under  a  quiet  moon
and  flickering  fire  light.  Max  and
Thaddius,  who  had  fled  the  brotherhood,
were  warming  themselves  by  a  fire,
enjoying  a  rare  moment  of  peace  in  the
wasteland.  Suddenly,  a  bark  startled
them.  It  turned  out  Dogmeat's  departure
wasn't  out  of  disloyalty.  He  had  gone  to
find  help.  He  had  brought  the  hat  to  the
two  who  recognized  the  scent  and  then
followed  Cooper's  trail  to  the
warehouse.  Cooper  was  sitting  there
looking  as  miserable  as  if  he'd  been
waiting  for  many  years.  And  so  Max  and
Cooper,  who  had  once  fought,  formed  a
team.  Cooper,  back  in  top  form,  led  them
to  the  NCR  outpost.  Max  followed  behind,
inadvertently  revealing  the  cold  fusion
device  he  carried.  Though  their
personalities  were  starkly  different,
their  goals  were  similar.  To  rescue
their  captured  loved  ones.  Cooper  told
him  he  knew  where  Lucy  was  and  would
take  him  there.  The  three  went  to  an  NCR
warehouse  to  stock  up  on  gear  for  their
assault  on  the  Lucky  38  tower.  The
equipment  here  was  much  more  advanced
than  at  the  Ranger  outpost  with  sniper
rifles,  laser  rifles,  plenty  of
fragmentation  grenades,  and  a  special
model  of  power  armor.  The  NCR  salvaged
power  armor,  which  immediately
captivated  Max.  They  made  a  plan.  Max
would  give  the  cold  fusion  device  to
Cooper,  who  would  enter  the  lucky  38  and
activate  the  giant  terminal.  Max  in  the
power  armor  would  deal  with  the  death
claws  with  Thaddius  providing  support.
Soon  the  three  returned  to  Freide.  The
armor  bearing  the  NCR  insignia  attracted
the  attention  of  all  the  brand  loyal
citizens.  They  chanted,  "Long  live  the
NCR."  And  watched  as  the  trio  headed  for
the  entrance  to  the  Royal  Casino  Avenue,
where  the  Death  Claws  that  had  taken
over  their  territory  resided,  ready  to
be  driven  out  by  the  Great  Max.  However,
what  the  citizens  and  Max  didn't  know
was  that  this  armor  wasn't  very
powerful.  It  was  called  salvaged  because
the  NCR  had  recovered  it  from  the
Brotherhood.  It  had  been  modified  and
stripped  down,  no  longer  requiring  a
fusion  core  to  operate,  which  severely
reduced  its  speed  and  firepower.
Furthermore,  a  small  accident  occurred
before  they  set  off.  Thaddius's  arm
inexplicably  fell  off,  naturally
disqualifying  him  from  the  team.  Ever
since  he  took  the  snake  oil  salesman's
medicine  and  became  a  ghoul,  the
composition  of  the  drug  remained  a
mystery.  He  only  knew  that  his  mutation
was  slower  than  a  normal  ghouls  and  that
strange  organs  were  growing  on  his
shoulder,  their  significance  unknown.
Cooper  told  Thaddius  to  wait  outside  the
city  while  he  and  Max  entered  the  combat
zone.  A  deathclaw  was  feasting  on  one  of
its  own.  Seeing  the  two  appear,  its
appetite  returned.  Max  deployed  his
armor's  blades  and  engaged  the
Deathclaw.  After  a  couple  of  rounds,  he
struck  it  in  the  chest,  gaining  the
upper  hand.  Cooper  seized  the
opportunity  to  run  for  the  building,  but
Max's  blade  got  stuck,  drawing  the
Deathclaw's  attention.  It  advanced  on
Cooper,  the  pressure  mounting.  Cooper
fired  his  laser  rifle,  but  it  did
minimal  damage.  He  was  once  again  filled
with  despair.  Fortunately,  Max  came  to
his  aid  and  killed  the  Deathclaw.
Cooper,  still  shaken,  gave  Max  a  nod  of
approval  and  headed  inside.  Max  gave
Cooper  a  knowing  smile  and  charged  at
another  approaching  Deathclaw.  The
camera  follows  Cooper  to  the  top  of  the
tower.  After  so  many  years,  he  once
again  saw  House's  massive  terminal.  With
heavy  memories,  he  walked  towards  it.
200  years  ago  that  night,  Cooper  hadn't
given  the  cold  fusion  device  to  House.
Instead,  he  gave  it  to  a  congresswoman
he  barely  knew,  but  who  seemed  kind  and
trustworthy.  Cooper  got  into  a  car  where
besides  the  congresswoman  sat  the
president  of  the  United  States  who  would
later  become  the  leader  of  the  enclave.
This  meant  that  the  US  government  itself
had  launched  the  nukes  that  destroyed
their  own  country  triggering  a  world  war
that  was  at  its  core  a  struggle  for
resources.  And  so  Cooper  had
inadvertently  made  a  terrible  mistake
with  the  best  of  intentions.  So  the
question  is  without  the  cold  fusion
device,  how  did  House  activate  his
anti-missile  system?  It  turns  out  House
had  procured  a  platinum  chip,  the  core
component  for  upgrading  Vegas's  defense
systems.  With  it,  he  could  have
completely  blocked  the  falling  nukes.
However,  due  to  a  miscalculation,  it
wasn't  delivered  on  the  scheduled  date
of  October  23rd,  2077.  The  Great  War
broke  out  soon  after  and  the  platinum
chip  was  lost  for  200  years.  The  courier
is  the  one  who  finally  delivers  the  chip
to  House.  In  the  meantime,  House  had  to
use  an  inferior  operating  system.  After
multiple  system  crashes,  he  managed  to
shoot  down  most  of  the  nukes,  preserving
the  core  area  of  Vegas.  Back  in  the
present,  house  had  fallen  dormant  again
due  to  a  system  crash.  The  entire
terminal  looked  like  it  had  been
abandoned  for  years.  Cooper  approached
it  and  opened  a  hidden  door,  revealing
the  power  supply  for  the  system,  waiting
for  him  to  insert  the  cold  fusion
device.  And  so,  after  more  than  200
years,  Cooper  finally  put  the  cold
fusion  device  in  the  right  place.  As  the
data  loaded,  a  familiar  face  appeared  on
the  screen.  It  was  House.  Returning  to
the  Legion,  Caesar  was  killed  after  a
major  battle  and  the  Legion  camp  was  in
chaos.  The  Legot  moved  through  the  crowd
and  brought  a  skeleton  wearing  a  pit  boy
back  to  his  tent.  He  found  a  note  on  the
skeleton  designating  the  next  Caesar.  A
nearby  soldier  asked  who  was  the  next
successor.  The  legot  with  a  troubled
expression  suddenly  stood  up  and  stabbed
the  soldier  to  death.  The  note  was  a
useless  phrase  saying,  "I  am  Caesar."
After  disposing  of  the  evidence,  the
legot  swallowed  the  paper,  then  gathered
the  men  and  declared  himself  the  new
Caesar.  A  new  king  needs  a  palace,  so
the  legot  set  his  sights  on  New  Vegas,
coincidentally  heading  towards  the
protagonist's  location.  In  Freide,  the
fence  of  the  royal  casino  was  breached
and  death  claws  poured  into  the  city.  A
roar  sent  the  crowd  scattering.  Max,
though  facing  the  death  claws  alone,  was
as  brave  as  ever.  His  power  armor's
weapons  activated.  He  fired  a  spike  and
a  death  claw  instantly  turned  into  a
bloody  mist.  He  leaped  into  the  air  and
blew  another  one  away  with  a  hand
cannon.  But  Max's  advantage  was
short-lived.  Death  claws  kept  coming  and
his  ammunition  quickly  ran  out,  forcing
him  back  into  melee  combat.  As  he  fought
hand  to  claw  with  the  death  claws,  the
spectators  hiding  in  the  bar  started
placing  bets.  Even  though  his  defeat
meant  they  would  all  be  in  danger,  most
of  them  bet  on  him  to  lose.  The  bar
owner  was  one  of  them.  Thaddius,  unable
to  watch,  threw  his  own  arm  down  to  shut
them  up.  Then  pulled  out  500  caps  from
his  pant  leg,  a  huge  sum,  and  bet  on  Max
to  win.  But  after  a  period  of  brutal
fighting,  Max's  chances  of  winning
dwindled.  He  was  caught  in  a  deathclaw's
grip,  nearly  pinned.  Just  then,  a  bullet
accurately  hit  the  Deathclaw's  eye,
saving  his  life.  He  looked  up  and  saw
Thaddius  on  the  roof  of  the  bar,  using
his  foot  to  steady  his  rifle.  For  his
brother  and  the  500  caps,  he  was  giving
it  his  all.  But  in  the  midst  of  their
moment  of  camaraderie,  a  deathclaw
ambushed  Max,  pinning  him  heavily  to  the
ground.  Back  at  the  top  of  the  lucky  38,
House's  first  words  to  Cooper  upon  their
reunion  were  his  catchphrase,  "The  House
always  wins."  After  being  poisoned,
shot,  and  ganged  up  on,  House  was
finally  reborn  in  the  form  of  a  cathode
ray  tube  display.  The  two  made  a  deal.
House  would  lead  Cooper  to  the
management  vault  beneath  the  building,
and  Cooper  would  leave  the  cold  fusion
device  to  continue  powering  House's
systems.  With  that,  Cooper  put  on
House's  custom  Pit  Boy  and  followed  his
guidance  to  the  vault.  Meanwhile,  after
witnessing  the  miraculous  effects  of  the
controller,  Lucy  had  a  brief  harmonious
moment  with  Hank  while  wearing  a  yellow
dress.  She  was  about  to  accept  the
technology,  but  the  appearance  of  the
old  ranger  changed  her  mind.  Lucy
discovered  that  the  old  man  had
completely  lost  his  former  memories.  He
didn't  remember  the  outpost  where  he  had
lived  for  25  years,  nor  his  sole  belief
in  the  New  California  Republic.  The
ranger  had  become  someone  else,  or
rather,  he  had  died.  Realizing  this,
Lucy  handcuffed  her  father  again.  She
took  his  solid  gold  pit  boy  and  decided
to  shut  down  the  main  frame.  After  a
rampage  through  the  facility,  she
reached  the  server  room  and  was
horrified  by  what  she  saw.  It  contained
the  pre-war  US  Congresswoman.  Now,  the
congresswoman  was  just  ahead,  connected
to  a  man  machine  interface  with
countless  tubes,  meaning  she  had  become
part  of  the  controller  system.  As  Lucy
reached  out  to  touch  it,  the
congresswoman  suddenly  awakened  and
begged  Lucy  to  end  her  sexy  life.  Left
with  no  choice,  Lucy  raised  a  crowbar
and  with  one  blow  shut  down  the  machine.
On  the  way  to  the  vault,  House  told
Cooper  that  the  death  claws  in  New  Vegas
were  lured  there  by  an  unseen  enemy.
They  had  used  this  tactic  to  defeat
House,  occupy  the  inner  city,  and  route
the  various  factions  that  had  previously
guarded  Freside,  like  the  NCR  and  the
Kings.  This  enemy  was  the  Enclave.  And
right  now,  an  Enclave  loyalist  was  still
here.  The  camera  cuts  to  Hank,  who  had
found  Lucy.  He  was  spouting  his  ideology
while  menacingly  approaching  her.  It
turned  out  Hank  wasn't  a  corporate  spy
for  House,  but  a  spy  for  the  Enclave.  He
had  not  only  infiltrated  VaultTech  and
joined  the  super  manager  program,  but
had  also  stolen  the  controller  data.  All
in  an  attempt  to  make  the  Enclave  great
again  in  the  wasteland.  The  reason  the
congresswoman  was  here  was  now  clear.
She  was  the  personality  template  for  the
controller.  The  reason  people  changed  so
drastically  after  putting  on  the  device
was  that  they  were  copying  the
congresswoman's  personality.  Kind,
gentle,  and  non-threatening.  The  ideal
personality  for  mass  distribution  in
Hank's  eyes.  With  that,  Hank  took  out  a
completed  controller,  a  tiny  thing  the
size  of  a  fly  that  would  cause  no  pain
when  attached  to  the  neck,  and  said  it
would  turn  Lucy  back  into  a  good,
obedient  girl.  Without  hesitation,  a
Legionary  employee  grabbed  Lucy,  holding
her  still  so  Hank  could  initialize  his
daughter.  Lucy,  with  her  lower  strength,
couldn't  break  free.  At  this  critical
moment,  Cooper  arrived.  He  threw  a
knife,  taking  down  the  Legionary,  then
pulled  out  a  sawed  off  shotgun  and
accurately  shot  Hank  right  in  his  smelly
butt,  preventing  any  further  evil  acts.
Cooper  gestured  as  if  to  say,  "You're
welcome."  and  kicked  the  gun  to  Lucy's
feet,  leaving  her  to  deal  with  the
sinner  she  had  been  hunting.  Cooper  then
turned  and  walked  away,  going  to  find
his  wife,  who  had  been  trapped  in  a
cryopod  for  years.  Back  in  Freside,  Max,
having  finally  dealt  with  the  death  claw
on  him,  was  exhausted.  His  power  armor
was  completely  wrecked  and  offered  no
more  bonuses.  Yet,  the  death  claws  kept
coming  one  after  another.  So,  Max  shed
his  armor,  picked  up  some  nearby  junk,  a
pool  queue,  and  a  casino  roulette  wheel,
and  prepared  to  face  death  with  his  bare
hands.  In  the  heart  of  New  Vegas,  they
were  the  most  authentic  spear  and
shield.  Even  without  any  stats  to  defend
against  a  powerful  enemy,  they  were
enough  to  fill  Max  with  inspiring
courage.  Seeing  this,  the  bar  owner  was
deeply  moved.  He  grabbed  a  weapon,
intending  to  lead  the  others  to  reclaim
their  town.  But  this  moment  of  heroism
was  dowsted  by  one  of  the  onlookers.  The
wasteland  is  full  of  such  dark  humor.
The  most  pitiful  people  are  often  the
most  despicable,  indifferent,  selfish,
weak,  and  pessimistic,  turning  any
heroic  sacrifice  into  a  tragedy.  But  the
wasteland  is  also  a  place  of  miracles.
The  ones  who  most  need  protecting  are
often  the  bravest.  From  the  day  his
parents  stuffed  him  in  a  refrigerator  to
save  him  from  the  atomic  bomb,  Max's
destiny  as  a  warrior  was  sealed.  He  held
his  makeshift  weapons,  facing  the
charging  Deathclaw,  exuding  the  same
radiant  light  as  the  Brotherhood  knight
who  had  saved  him  long  ago.  At  this
crucial  moment,  a  single  shot  instantly
killed  the  Deathclaw.  "It  wasn't
Thaddius,"  he  waved,  indicating  he
hadn't  reloaded  yet.  "It  wasn't  the  bar
owner.  He  had  lost  his  nerve  and  hadn't
even  stepped  out  of  the  bar.  In  the
distance,  a  veteran  ranger  in  NCR  Ranger
combat  armor  fired  again,  using  a
high-powered  anti-material  rifle  to
expertly  headshot  another  Deathclaw  as
easily  as  smashing  a  watermelon.  It
turned  out  that  during  the  Legion's
infighting,  the  NCR  captain  had  broken
through  the  encirclement  and  found
reinforcements.  She  had  returned  to  New
Vegas  with  her  troops,  determined  to
reclaim  the  territory  that  once  belonged
to  the  NCR.  And  so  the  NCR  took  over  the
fight  from  Max,  engaging  the  death
claws.  Back  in  the  inner  city,  Hank
limped  out  of  the  building.  A  controller
was  attached  to  the  back  of  his  neck.
With  a  press  of  a  button  from  Lucy,  he
would  revert  to  a  harmless  old  man  with
no  memory  of  his  evil  deeds.  Looking  at
his  final  view,  Hank  lamented  his  life,
saying  he  hadn't  had  a  chance  to
properly  say  goodbye  to  others.  So,  he
struggled  a  little  at  the  end,  offering
to  fight  the  Legion  and  protect  the
residents  of  New  Vegas  in  exchange  for
Lucy's  mercy.  But  Lucy's  gaze  remained
firm.  Seeing  this,  Hank  stopped  begging.
He  said  that  compared  to  the  vaults,  the
wasteland  was  the  real  experimental
ground.  With  a  final  cryptic  statement
that  he  had  already  released  all  his
research  findings,  Hank  pulled  out  a
spare  remote  and  completely  erased  his
secrets  and  personality,  leaving  only
fragmented  clues  for  others  to  ponder.
Their  containers  were  of  a  brand  new
model,  invisible  to  the  ordinary  person.
Their  instructions  had  been  written
centuries  ago  and  were  still  being
executed.  Lucy  couldn't  understand  what
these  research  findings  were  and  what
the  instructions  were,  and  she  didn't
want  to  think  about  it.  She  fell  into
the  arms  of  her  initialized  father  as  if
embracing  a  dead  loved  one.  Hank,  with  a
look  of  confusion,  called  her  madam  and
gently  wiped  the  dirt  from  her  cheek.
Hank  was  dead.  Lucy  looked  out  at  the
empty  city,  an  overwhelming  sense  of
loneliness  washing  over  her  like  a  cold
wave.  But  then,  like  a  ray  of  light,  Max
appeared.  After  a  season  of  hardship,
fate  had  brought  them  together  again.
They  smiled  and  embraced,  grateful  to
have  survived  another  day  in  the
wasteland  to  have  this  beautiful  reunion
for  a  hormone  yoga  session.  Later,  they
went  to  the  top  of  the  lucky  38.  They
were  there  for  the  cold  fusion  device.
Max  had  promised  to  give  it  to  Lucy,  and
there  it  was,  just  as  he  had  said.  Lucy
had  found  it.  They  looked  out  over  New
Vegas  and  saw  the  approaching  Legion
soldiers.  Lucy  lamented  that  she  could
have  prevented  all  this,  but  war  had
come  anyway.  Max  comforted  her  with  a
piece  of  dark  humor,  saying,  "Welcome  to
the  wasteland."  The  scene  cuts  to
Cooper.  Earlier,  he  had  gone  to  the
vault's  cryo  chamber  and  found  his  wife
and  daughter's  pods,  but  tragically,
they  were  empty.  All  that  was  left  was  a
postcard  for  Colorado,  pointing  him
toward  his  next  destination.  It  was  the
place  where,  before  the  war,  Cooper  had
said  he  wanted  to  retire,  a  place  with
pastoral  scenery,  dogs,  and  sheep.  His
wife  had  strongly  opposed  the  idea  back
then,  but  now  the  back  of  the  postcard
read,  "Colorado  is  a  good  idea."  Which
brought  a  long  absent  smile  to  Cooper's
face  and  a  renewed  sense  of  hope  to  his
eyes.  So,  he  took  off  the  pit  boy,
declining  House's  offer  to  fight  the
enclave  together.  Then,  with  dog  meat,
he  set  off  for  the  place  where  his
family  was.  Cooper's  persistence,  Lucy,
and  Max's  calm  acceptance.  Perhaps  they
all  stemmed  from  the  same  reason.  The
same  reason  players  who  finish  the  main
quest  decide  to  build  settlements.
Because  in  this  desolate  wasteland,  home
is  both  the  beginning  and  the  end.  This
is  Daniel  CC  Movie  Channel.  Stay  safe
and  enjoy  your