Title: Bounty Hunter Searched Waste Land For Monstrous Creatures
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vxrD2A5qi4
Feeling like my mind is a damn game. >> Hey guys, today I'll show you a science fiction TV series named Fallout season 2. Spoilers ahead. Watch out and take care.
Let's start with a recap of the first season. In the year 2296, 219 years after the Great War between China and the US, Lucy, the daughter of the overseer of Vault 33, set foot on the wasteland for the first time to rescue her kidnapped father, Hank. The wasteland, the surface of post-nuclear America, has been ravaged by war.
It is a land of ruins and skeletons where pure water is as precious as gold and animals have mutated into terrifying monsters. Apart from those who entered one of the 122 underground vaults as part of Vault-Tecs program, the rest of humanity either perished in the nuclear blasts, succumbed to radiation sickness, or was transformed by a combination of radiation and the forced evolutionary virus FEV into a type of mutant known as a ghoul.
After more than 200 years, the surviving humans have gradually rebuilt civilization on the wasteland, establishing villages, cities, and dozens of factions with different scales and ideologies, such as the Brotherhood of Steel, the New California Republic, NCR, the Legion, and the Institute. However, humanity's warlike nature has not changed.
They continue to fight over resources, and their scarcity has made people even more savage. In this harsh environment, Lucy met Dr. Wilzig, a scientist who had defected from the enclave, the remnants of the US government along with his dog. She learned that Wilig's employer was the very person who had kidnapped her father.
And so carrying the cold fusion device entrusted to her by the doctor, Lucy headed to the kidnapper's location in the New California Republic to negotiate. Along the way, Lucy encountered a squire from the Brotherhood of Steel, Max, and the two developed feelings for each other. She also crossed paths with an exceptionally skilled cowboy ghoul, Cooper, who was trying to seize the cold fusion device.
After a tense confrontation, they reached an understanding. Cooper, a bounty hunter, was a household name before the war. A famous actor and a spokesman for Vault-Tec. Having become a ghoul, he has lived for over 200 years.
His time on the surface has taught him the brutal rules of wasteland survival. Because he is aware of Vault-Tec's conspiracy to wipe out all surface dwellers so that future Vault residents can rule the world. Cooper sees the company as his mortal enemy. He firmly believes that if he can find a key employee like Hank, he can learn the whereabouts of his wife and daughter.
At the end of the first season, the Brotherhood of Steel went to war with the New California Republic. The Brotherhood overran the NCR, seizing the cold fusion device and its limitless energy. Hank used the chaos to escape to New Vegas to continue his sinister mission. After learning of Hank's crime, nuking the former NCR capital, Lucy decided to bring her father to justice.
She and Cooper, now unlikely allies, set off together on a journey to find him. The scene shifts to the Mojave Wasteland, where sunlight pierces through the clouds to illuminate a place called Dinky's Town, a small settlement built from a dinosaur statue and a motel. A group of raiders has Cooper hanging from a makeshift gallows, vowing to avenge their fallen comrades.
They look tough and angry, but Cooper remains unfazed. He had let himself be captured on purpose. Not far away, a top the dinosaur statue, Lucy is aiming her rifle, ready to act with her companion, Dog Meat. When Cooper gave the signal, Lucy was supposed to shoot the rope, allowing the formidable Cooper to take care of the rest.
However, when the signal was given, nothing happened. Lucy watched as the execution began, hesitated, then stood up and told the raiders their goal was simply to acquire supplies. It turned out the two had disagreed on how to handle the resupply. Cooper advocated for a cunning, violent approach as planned.
While Lucy wanted to get what they needed peacefully, clinging to the naive civility of her vault, she told the raiders that if they just gave her the man and some food, there would be no trouble. Unsurprisingly, before she could finish, the raiders attacked. Lucy was forced to shoot the rope, getting the plan back on track.
Lucy's combat style is more refined. She fires a humanitarian bullet, precisely hitting an enemy's buttock. Another shot detonates a fusionpowered car engine, scattering the enemy forces with a 5 m wide mushroom cloud. Cooper's style, in contrast, is brutal.
He grabs a weapon loaded with explosive rounds and triggering a critical hit animation, just like in the games, instantly takes down two enemies. He then shoves a fragmentation grenade down another's collar, creating a gory firework display over the swimming pool in a manner more vicious than the raiders themselves. With Dinky's Town secured, the pair continued their journey.
As they walked, they debriefed their performance. Cooper complained that he was nearly killed, but Lucy replied that she wouldn't apologize for not slaughtering people unnecessarily. This sewed a seed of discord between them, foreshadowing future perils. Soon they reached a hilltop and got a full view of New Vegas.
Because the nuclear bombs were shot down by the city's anti-missile defenses, it still retained its pre-war buildings, casinos, and hotels. The tech giant Robco Industries was headquartered in the inner city. Four major factions, the Kings, the Followers of the Apocalypse, the Van Graphs, and the Gamora family occupied the outer area known as Freide.
With its diverse population, advanced technology, and abundant entertainment, New Vegas had become one of the most prosperous cities in the wasteland. Lucy wondered why if the government could protect Vegas, it didn't protect the entire country. Cooper explained that the anti-missile system didn't belong to the government, but to House, the founder of Robco Industries.
He was a brilliant scientist with an intellect comparable to Einstein's. The computer terminals, operating systems, and most of the robots in the Fallout world were his inventions, including the portable Pit Boy terminal, a device with integrated combat, navigation, and lockpicking functions. At the same time, House was a cold and ruthless capitalist.
He cared nothing for America, only for his own business empire, and saved Las Vegas merely as a byproduct. At the end of the first season, during the corporate meeting where they discussed launching the nukes, he had called the end of the world a business opportunity and struck a deal with VaultTech. In the second season, House no longer bothers with pretenses, openly using live humans as test subjects for his new inventions.
On a day before the Great War, as robots replaced a massive number of jobs, an unemployment crisis hit Vegas.