Behind them, an airship rapidly crashed, signaling the start of a major conflict.
Back with Lucy after leaving the Legion, the two rested at the Ranger outpost for a couple of days. The captain gave Lucy some kind of drug that restored her health and action points and gave her a whole case of weapons, including rifles, shotguns, and hunting rifles. Geared up, Lucy and Cooper continued their journey. The weather was fine and the wasteland was as desolate as ever.
They traveled unimpeded until they reached the outskirts of New Vegas. Just then, Lucy started to feel strange. She asked Cooper and learned it was a side effect of the drug Psycho she had been taking for the past 2 days. It was something best taken before a fight.
While active, it boosted the user's strength, endurance, and maximum health. But overuse led to addiction and withdrawal symptoms such as the hunger, and irritability Lucy was currently experiencing. If left untreated, it could cause vomiting and fainting. Without a doctor or a dose of Addictl, it would take 5 days to overcome the side effects.
Lucy thought for a moment and decided that traveling was more important, so she asked Cooper for another dose of psycho drug. They soon reached the outskirts of New Vegas, but trouble awaited. A horde of feral ghouls, fast and numerous, roamed the area. A tough challenge for a novice.
But Lucy, pumped up on Psycho, was in top form. She charged in, weapons blazing. She blew out a ghoul's Achilles tendon and felt a surge of exhilaration. Realizing that killing feral ghouls wasn't technically murder, she let loose.
As mentioned, Lucy's perception and luck stats are high. Besides helping her avoid danger in combat, perception increases hit chance and action points, allowing for multiple kills in a short time, while luck increases critical hit rate, dealing massive damage. As a result, Lucy emerged from the battle unscathed and in less time than it took Cooper.
After clearing the city gates, they headed toward the inner city. Cooper felt something was off. The New Vegas, he remembered, wasn't this dilapidated, nor were there so many feral ghouls in the outer city. Clearly something had happened in the last 15 years.
Judging by their appearance, these ghouls belong to the Kings, a gang that idolized the American rock and roll singer Elvis Presley and emulated him in every way, doing good deeds for the local populace, like maintaining community order, providing fresh water, and driving off raiders. But now they had all turned feral, a sad sight to behold.
They walked until nightfall and reached the heart of the inner city, where New Vegas's most iconic buildings stood. On the far right with its two sexy showgirl neon signs was the Gamora Casino. On the far left was the tallest building in the city, the Robco Industries headquarters and the location of House's casino, the Lucky 38.
Before the war, Cooper had been to its top floor and met House before he had connected his brain to the terminal. They moved through the ruins of the inner city, lamenting its decay. Cooper suspected a radiation leak and looked up at House's tower. Lucy, on the other hand, picked up an eggshell and joked about the size of the chickens here, which made Cooper's face pale with fear.
It wasn't a chicken egg. It was the egg of a monster. As if on Q, a deafening roar drew their attention. From inside a building, a pair of claws effortlessly tore through a heavy steel door.
One of the most iconic monsters of the Fallout world had appeared. The Deathclaw, a pre-war bioweapon created by the US military by genetically engineering Jackson's chameleons and various other animals. A typical deathclaw stands 3 m tall with two giant horns. Not only are they incredibly fast and tough, but they can also shred through power armor with a single swipe.
They escaped their labs after the war and proliferated in the wasteland, becoming the apex predators of the food chain. A deathclaw requires the support of power armor and a minigun to be taken down. At the very least, a rocket launcher is needed. The pair were clearly underequipped.
Cooper, seeing this, didn't dare act rashly, especially when he realized there was more than one. He immediately decided to run. They took cover behind a car, detonated a grenade to distract the death claws, and then dashed through a gap in the city gate. And so they arrived in Freide, the outer ring of New Vegas.
Compared to the previous day, this place was finally bustling with life. Casinos, hotels, restaurants, and apothecaries lined the streets, which were filled with people and a sense of vitality. Just then, Lucy's addiction kicked in again. She asked Cooper for more psycho, wanting to use its effects to fight her way back into the inner city, but Cooper ignored her, simply giving her some caps and telling her to buy addictl at the general store.
After that, Cooper decided to unwind at a bar. But in this place of fun, Cooper just sat at the bar drinking sullenly and lost in memories. That day, before his wife went to Vegas for the deal, Robco Industries had recommended a newly developed product to VaultTech, the controller mentioned earlier. It was a brain computer interface chip designed to make people work with machine-like efficiency.
House offered to provide this technology to Vault-Tec in exchange for the cold fusion device and a research facility to improve the technology which later became Vault 24 where Hank passed through. Cooper's wife agreed to house's terms which led to her trip to New Vegas with the cold fusion device. That night, Cooper confronted her.
After the nuclear launch meeting, his wife explained the whole situation. In reality, she was just an employee, and a group of even higher level executives controlled Vault-Tec and had devised the plan to destroy the world. She was powerless to stop it. Hearing that his wife wouldn't help, Cooper took matters into his own hands.
He took a drunk Hank to a room, drugged him, and tried to get the cold fusion device from the briefcase. But to his surprise, the case only contained an injection gun. The cold fusion device was nowhere to be found. Just then, the wife walked in on the scene.
She coolly passed Cooper, who used the injector to extract the cold fusion device hidden inside Hank's body and handed it to him. After all, they were family, and she didn't want the world to be destroyed by Robco either, so she helped him. But in doing so, she set a catastrophe in motion. Back with Lucy, she took the caps to the general store that Cooper had mentioned.
They did have Addictl, but the price was exorbitant. The normal price was 125 caps, but here it was 1,000. Lucy obviously didn't have enough money. She sighed and was about to leave when she noticed the store's back door was open.
After a moment's thought, Lucy went into stealth mode. While the employee was upstairs, she quietly approached the shelves. Seeing no one, she snatched the attic hall. Then she saw a power fist priced at 10,000 caps and stole that, too.