However, as Lucy was leaving the way she came, the employee who had come downstairs at some point called out to her. Lucy claimed she had just taken a wrong turn and tried to slip away, but then she saw a dead body in the corner that looked just like the shop owner. She instantly realized what was going on. The person in front of her wasn't an employee, but a raider.
His clothes didn't fit because he had stolen them from the owner. He didn't want customers, so he had jacked up the prices of all the goods. Reacting quickly, Lucy struck first and killed him, sending him to raid Jesus in heaven. After leaving the store, Lucy took the addict.
The effect was immediate, causing her to vomit uncontrollably in the street. Afterward, she met up with Cooper to plan their attack on the death claws. But unexpectedly, someone else had found Cooper first and successfully turned him. It was the snake oil salesman from the first season.
This madman also came to New Vegas. After cheerfully dispatching a few radroaches, he was knocked out and taken by Hank in front of a taco shop. He was fitted with a debugged controller and became the first successful test subject. So, he had been sent by Hank here.
In the time Lucy was in the store, he had made a deal with Cooper. The terms were that Cooper would safely return Lucy to Vault 33, and in return, Hank would ensure the safety of Cooper's cryogenically frozen wife and their daughter. With the explanation over, Cooper fired a tranquilizer dart, knocking Lucy out. The salesman, seeing this, turned to report back.
But just as Cooper, regretting his decision, but feeling he had no choice, began to package Lucy up, she forced herself to her feet. As Cooper looked out the window, she raised the power fist and attacked him. After sending Cooper flying out like a Barbie toy, Lucy collapsed. In her hazy state, she saw her father approaching, calling her by her nickname.
Lucy was taken by Hank and woke up in the management vault. Ignoring the note Hank left, she decided to use a fire extinguisher to take out the guards. But when she made her move, the two guards were surprisingly friendly. They didn't resist at all and even showed her the way to the office area.
Even stranger, every employee here was polite. They greeted each other, worked in an orderly fashion, were neatly dressed, and moved in unison, which made Lucy's already wide eyes even wider. She then went to the room where Hank was, he had already prepared breakfast, awaiting a family reunion. But Lucy's goal hadn't changed.
She put handcuffs on her father, intending to take him back to Vault 33. Even when Hank told her that everything he did was for her, she remained resolute. As they walked through the office area, two newly captured employees were going through the onboarding process. One was from the Legion and the other was the old ranger from before.
Both had the controllers attached to the back of their necks. With a press of a button, they would become as docile as the employee of the year. Lucy couldn't stand it and stop the process. The two took the opportunity to start brawling and the scene descended into chaos.
In a moment of panic, Lucy pressed the button, ending the fight and restoring order. In Freside, Cooper had been sent flying by Lucy and was now impaled on a lamp post, unable to move. He tried to get the scattered anti-radiation pills, but passers by ignored him. He told his dog to get it, but dog meat brought back his hat, which was useless.
Just then, Cooper started to become agitated, a sign of turning feral. The nuclear radiation was causing his brain to decay, reverting him to a wild beastlike state. Nightfell, and Cooper still hadn't gotten the medicine. He struggled on the lampost and dog meat was gone, leaving him alone and abandoned.
He thought of his wife and daughter. Fueled by willpower, he slowly lifted his body on the verge of freeing himself, but ultimately fell short. Cooper thought, "Let it end. All hope lost." At this desperate moment, a tall, large-chested figure in black approached him.
Their breathing was deep and powerful. With a single chop, they broke the steel pole, freeing Cooper. Then, using their rac's signature cart, they dragged him back to their base. It was a Catholic church.
Though it looked normal from the outside, the bags of meat hanging inside and the filthy environment, like a cross between a garbage dump and a slaughter house, indicated its owner was no priest, but a super mutant. They were the true product the US military had intended to create with the FE virus. Super soldiers created by directly immersing humans in an improved version of the virus.
They were characterized by their Hulk-like appearance, tough skin, and generally low intelligence. Although ghouls were also affected by the FE virus, their mutation was a result of long-term exposure to nuclear radiation and the FEV virus released into the air after the war, an accidental occurrence completely different from the creation of super mutants.
Cooper was hung spread eagled on a netbed unsure of what was happening. His cries went unanswered and a gaping hole in his chest made him look like a piece of meat ready to be butchered. Before he could process it, the super mutant picked up a piece of glowing uranium, stating that he needed Cooper's combat skills. He embedded the uranium into Cooper's body.
The pain was immense, but the healing effect was immediate. It turned out this was a super mutant doctor. Because he saw ghouls as kindred spirits, he had saved Cooper's life. And because he hated the Enclave, he needed to recruit Cooper as an ally to fight the evil Enclave remnants.
The Enclave, the creators of the Super Mutants, had their main base destroyed in 2268. So after that, only scattered, insignificant remnants were left in the wasteland. But the show's timeline is now 2296. From the Super Mutants talk of an impending war, it can be inferred that the Enclave may have regrouped into a powerful faction during their 28 years of hiding.
The Super Mutant invited Cooper to join his cause. An agreement would have made him a companion. But Cooper, speaking too quickly, said he only wanted to find his wife. He was promptly knocked unconscious.
When he awoke, he had been dumped in a warehouse under a quiet moon and flickering fire light. Max and Thaddius, who had fled the brotherhood, were warming themselves by a fire, enjoying a rare moment of peace in the wasteland. Suddenly, a bark startled them. It turned out Dogmeat's departure wasn't out of disloyalty.
He had gone to find help. He had brought the hat to the two who recognized the scent and then followed Cooper's trail to the warehouse. Cooper was sitting there looking as miserable as if he'd been waiting for many years. And so Max and Cooper, who had once fought, formed a team.
Cooper, back in top form, led them to the NCR outpost. Max followed behind, inadvertently revealing the cold fusion device he carried. Though their personalities were starkly different, their goals were similar.