So Curry already has enough scocus to hit another person. Um, it's been a minute since our last shambler attack, so I don't think I'm going to go for good. So, this is a bad bite scar, but it's not itchy, so it's not painful.
That is not painful either. It's interesting. Maybe RCV's toe wound. It's like not a serious wound, but I mean, why not be 100%.
Oh, and SC mentorship just finished. Sweet. So, that's all the mentorships that we wanted done. Also, RCV, why did you have silver in your pocket?
Like, you smuggler, bro. So, Mazy, you are going to earn warlord. And we're going to break mentorship now. So, mentorship break schedule.
good is going to go back to a normal meditation schedule as will Madsy. And now everyone that I want to mentor at least immediately has been mentored which is awesome. And I might expand it uh at a later date but probably only after we get more work done cuz obviously having a bunch of people do mentorships means that we do not have them um you know performing colony work.
Who had long rot? uh glitch head long run. All right, taking a look at our steel amount. We are essentially out of this stuff.
So, we are absolutely going to need either continue mining or hauling the steel from like siege sites and places like that. So, I'm going to have good start zooming around the map, grabbing the the lowhanging fruit steel, the steel that's easy to just grab freely. And then we're going to need to um consider either Whoa, I didn't see you there like at all cuz you're a vampire.
Is there not enough space for the tox? Oh my god. Here we go. Yeah, there might not be enough space.
Uh, it's of low concern at the moment though. We are turning a lot of it into chem fuel and there is space for the chem fuel. Was that a wizard's hat? Uh, let's go with Yes.
Wow, there's a lot of Yeah, cuz we had been mining steel over here. So, Oh, you took off your gas mask. Uh, you're going to definitely want that going out into the nasty. So, wear this poor one or Yeah, wear this.
I guess poor one. That's fine. Cheers with the high priority hall that we've got going on. And don't worry, I remember that we still have it going on.
Uh I'm going to include this zone with all the steel hopefully to get them to autoh hall. And then it's also safe around there and here again so we can start uh maintaining our walls cuz this is all beat up. Uh we ought to probably avoid them though. It's not that they're a lot of threat.
I just don't want to have to fight if I don't absolutely have to. What's going on with her neck? Uh she has stone skin. She's got a stone skin gland which makes her very ugly.
So her neck is she's covered in like stony scales for armor. It's one of the reasons why h she hasn't really suffered the same facial wounds that the other brawlers have because she has remarkably higher tank stats, right? She has sharp and blunt massive bonuses that the others do not as a result of this. And she started with that.
That was a, you know, she started as a pawn with those bonuses without them. Uh, I think she probably would have died by now, like thrice over. So, I think our kitchen is full. I could be adding additional shelving.
In this case, I think what I'm going to do is Where's the link? This is linked. Build copies in the butchery cuz we basically don't butcher anyone, right? Like, or any not one, but anything.
Like, there's almost never anything to hunt. So, I'll put two more shelves in there. Uh, utilizing that empty space. I could even put it on the butcher floor, but I'd rather not cuz if we ever do hunt an animal, I really want a dedicated spot for their corpses to go somewhere useful.
cuz if we don't put them in the freezer, they just come back to life as a zombie. Funny, honestly, a pretty funny consequence of of um the the mod set, if you ask me. It's like if you hunt and don't haul, you've just made another shambler. Oops.
All shamblers. So, now there's a lot more space to haul the toxic potatoes. Uh, and I don't even care if they put them in the door either. That's fine.
Prop the door open. Makes no difference. So, all the toxic potatoes have been hauled. Uh, oops.
I probably don't need to haul stone chunks. So, let's cancel all the stone chunk designation haulings and just focus on the steel cuz I very frequently lose access to this part of the map. So all that glorious steel that we want should be hauled now now that there's no interference food is kind of stable. Yes.
Yes it is. It's stable till it's not. I mean that's kind of the name of the game is nothing is really stable on this scenario cuz this scenario is brutal in in a great way. Okay.
Turning off high priority hall because all the steel has been moved and now we could just focus on smithing and crafting and getting our gear back up getting up to 100% fighting form. Uh buying replacements is 3/4s nearly done and uh that will allow us to start to work towards jumps. shelves for weapons. It's not necessarily a bad idea.
I've just been keeping them like loose on the research floor. The only issue or worry that I have, however, maybe I'll put them in my barracks, cuz we we don't have any slavery, so it's not like I have any slaves to worry about. picking them up. Um, but I wouldn't want to put them anywhere where it's going to get overrun by shamblers and I won't be able to have access to the weapons in time, which is a a concern.
So, let's link these together. And whatever is on this stockpile, I'll just like paste here for now. which is triple launchers and sniper rifles and stuff like that. Oo, nice and clean.
Look at that. Doesn't look so ridiculous. How has nobody cooked though? I mean I Oh, cuz I Yeah.
Yep. I know why. Hey, Rascal, you're the chef now. RCV's up.
Weapon medicine. And assaulting 88. The crazy 88s. The south group is more dangerous than the north group, it seems.
I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to send my three junior brawlers up to the north to hold them at bay and wait for the southern group to be done with the much larger horde down here. helper outsourcing. Yeah. No, no.
Bandit encampment. I still might do. I haven't completely ruled that out, but I'm not outsourcing anyone. All right.
Got them pissed. Got them lured. They are going to try to bust a hole in the west. Copy that.
Uh, I know this door is actually, you know what? I I knew it was closed, but like, let's open it cuz tree brawlers should be able to hold them at bay. If they even if the shamblers are smart enough to even know to attack me, which I'm not sure they are. [groaning] Uh Ross and Nabe, you want to go up there?
Just start cuz there's not a You're kind of far away from the shots. There we go. Now they're Now they're moving. So I suspect Salo, you want to go into lockdown?
I'm going to change the pets zone to just be in the freezer. Uh because if the shamblers come in here, they're going to break that door really quickly and then sale is going to get chewed up. Um H. What I'm trying to do is to have them stop hugging the walls so that we can clear them out a little bit easier.