How about you guys go up here now cuz we're mostly done with the south. Gath can take them for a bit of a trip. Just hold your breath, guys. It's stinky.
All right, that wall is going to fail. Yeah, there's a lot of bodies. And they're flooding up this way from behind. Copy that.
Let's go over here. So, the brawlers are nearly done with the group that's flooding the doors. And then they're going to have this trickle in. And what they'll do is they'll engage this way.
Madsy, I'm the only uh Oh, uh, unlock. Yeah, I was going to be like, what's going on? You should already have your tutelage. I don't want Mazi standing out in the open cuz Mazi does not have um shield belt yet.
I guess that was Was that even on the bill? I have shields. I need to make one. Uh, it just lapsed.
Okay, we'll get around to that. Oh, you are alive. Shoot. Sorry, Sunzu.
Oh god, not Sunzu again. Leave his heart alone. You rejoin the group. Kadath is going to just like force recon out here, keeping them busy and occupied.
And good, your speed boost faded. Just taking a look at any permanent injuries. So far, I don't think we have any. At least not any obvious ones that have sused out.
Going to have a heck of a cleanup time, though, as always. All right, zooming all the way out. We do have some stragglers that like couldn't path find to us. Um, but everyone else is going to go rest.
And I know they're still active down here and obviously like a lot of corpses to burn. So, I'll probably bring uh let's say nabe down here to start torching nabe and scorp. So, I'm not really sure if the double walls I mean even if the d even if they got through here obviously they would have another layer wall. So, it looks like the double walls were ultimately pretty useful in thwarting the uh the wouldbe raiders or shamblers.
So there's this one too. Copy that. Scorp, you come out here. Nabe torch and scorp torch.
Uh, that's alive. But apart from that, I think that's the only one. So, unfortunately, never get a break. Uh, Hyper Hell again.
Yay. Everyone's like, "Woohoo! Woohoo!" It never ends. We have more corpses to uh deal with.
I was kind of hoping that those corpses would immediately disappear, but they did not. So, the corpse boxes at least remain typically intact, meaning that like they function as a way to round up bodies. Uh, which is good. And then Sakura.
Oh, uh, Sloan's already doing it. Never mind. Close to home. We got to move these bodies.
Use the last of your scocus. Once the flood goes away, it will be a little bit easier to manage the corpses. problem is the like river has overflowed. So much so that um there's not a lot of dry land around the uh exits of our killboxes, so to speak, which really puts me at a disadvantage to be able to deal with corpses in a high m high volume way.
It is receding. True. That will help. All right, Addie.
Once again, you are bleeding more than everybody else. You're getting patched in a minute. Is there a way to see that? Uh yeah.
Uh there was a message that popped up somewhere. Yep, there it is. Flooding is subsiding. And then the water was already out to like here.
So you can already see it subsided. The other thing is you can go to the terrain affordance overlay and the dark blue is flood water and the light blue is shallow moving water. So I don't have that much farther to go. The light blue is the the normal course of the river.
So that's a the terrain affordance overlay. letting Scorp sleep in a second. I keep saying to burn those corpses. They're not part of a home zone.
Eh, no. I don't know why, but they they just kept going out or something. Yay. It looks more normal.
All right. We can also get rid of these barricades. And then uh we're obviously going to need to build um we're going to need to build the bridges to keep this water from flooding over us in the future cuz that was super annoying. Oh, looking good.
We have a lot of marble blocks, too. Will you build more heavy bridges? Yeah, it's the plan. I won't have seasonal flooding for another year or I don't whatever 3/4s of a year.
So, there's plenty of time to do it. Uh, but as soon as the corpses are cleaned up, that's probably uh just a a quick little thing I'll I'll do. Almost all the bodies are popped away and then we'll have to burn them. He started getting bit by Gorehulks.
Good god. He really is a cursed individual. Nabe, you have boferite. Perfect.
All right, come on up here. That's a start. And then Kadath, I want you fixing up the granite wall. We have plenty of granite left over.
So, yeah, perimeter security. So, we're going to get the original walls back in here now that the flood waters totally subsided. And then um over here, now that most of the corpses are pulled away, we're going to just heavy bridge the entire edge of the river like we did for all the other sections cuz I I don't want any more of this flooding out over everything.
So, that will do. It's a lot of metal, but once it's installed, it pays for itself. There's a reason you make a button-up shirt since they're t-shirts. Uh, they're better armor and there's not a lot of I mean your chest is your torso and your head are the most important parts of your body cuz everything else is replaceable.
So button-ups are higher defenses than regular. And if you ever are wondering about that, what you could do is just go here and do like here's a t-shirt at sharp 7.2 too. And here's a button up. Uh or where is it?
Problem with having all the DLCs is the uh the list groweth. So if you So the cloth t-shirts are torso, left shoulder, right shoulder with these stats, you'll have to remember them. And then the button ups if you have cloth have or not armor, but insulation values and better coverage. So, the t-shirts were only covering shoulders, not arms, and then the button-down shirts cover arms.
So, if you find yourself like losing a lot of arms constantly, um it's and this is one of the reasons why I almost never use um like flak vests, flack vests are great for protecting your heart and organs, but like you're going to lose your limbs and your neck and stuff like that. So there's some parts of I mean fingers and toes suck in room world which is why bonic limbs are so preferred by me because armor for whatever reason canonically don't cover your fingers and toes or your hands and feet for that matter which is why pawns lose fingers and toes constantly.
Social fights, nibbles, wild animals, you name it, they'll lose it. Um, but bionic limbs don't have fingers and toes. They just are the limb. Uh, so once you replace that, you don't constantly find yourself losing fingers and toes like you would before.
Uh, okay. There's the shield up. And if you're wondering about the Molotov question that you had, I've answered that multiple times on stream. So, I'm just going to let my chat answer that.
But the TLDDR is a camper micromanager in the in the same efficient method. So, I I just don't use them. TLDDR, try it for yourself and you'll know why. because every time you throw a molotov, you have to queue up the next spot to throw a molotov and cancel the original queue because throwing a molotov on the ground is not they'll just do it infinitely.