Title: Inquest Armourer At Our Service in the Inquest of the Dead - Mysteries of a Dead Planet // EP39
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHkFkvIKwGI

Well, hello there fellow crafters. Radamon here. Thank you for tuning in to Rim World Inquest of the Dead episode 39, Inquest Armorer at our service. Ah, Sakura finally leveling up.
So, you are maxed out protector. We don't do protector and warlord. So, we'll just upgrade your space stats. It will make it that if I have a female droner, good is going to massively suffer and then Sakura is not going to be too far behind her with her sensitivity going up every level.
Uh the other thing to check is with Sakura. Your side focus as soon as it hits 70% will probably put someone in a coma for regeneration. So it looks like uh recon or uh jump hacks is going to be on the bill. Got it.
Um, now with that said, I don't immediately like I'm not going to get access to Locus Armor like very quickly. So, I kind of get the waiting bit. But yeah, we'll we'll reassess that um priority of what armor to make soon. >> [snorts] >> Nice.
We have 1,500 vegetables. And then wizard has not started. Uh, all right. Let's take a look.
Wizard, you have a higher priority of mining over smithing, tailoring, and a higher priority of handling. So, don't do those things first. I'm not really sure why he hasn't managed. Oh, maybe he was Yeah, he was mining the marble.
That's why. Got it. Fixed it. So other compacted machinery sites, there's three here, one there, one there, and that is all the remaining known.
And there's not a lot of like deep mountains on the map. So I I don't suspect that there's a lot of other compacted machinery that we haven't spotted cuz they're still on high party hall. Ah, that they are. Whoops.
All right, she's maybe got the mental focus for like one more machinery site and then we'll turn in. The other weird thing that's going to happen is everywhere I've mined, we'll have lack of pollution cuz pollution doesn't form in mountains. So, we have all these weird pockets of like zero pollution all over the map, which I find funny.
And uh yep, wizard is making a gas mask. I mean, we needed gas mask, so like whatever. But I found it funny where it's like, "Yay, armor finally." And then it's like, "Yep, gas mask time." That's what you called for, right? Wow, Perkins, you punched a lot of walls.
We need like a padded cell. That'd be I'm sure there's a mod for that. But given how we tried to wreck everything, not unreasonable. So, in terms of next regen, I think Scorp is probably the most injured.
Leg scar. That's low efficiency in a middle finger. Yeah. Yep.
That's looks about right. So, let's hit that on Scorp. So, Scorp. Ooh, look at that stockpile.
That's looking good. Uh, come on down and we're going to put you in a coma. I'm just going to forget the stuff so I can pick back up afterwards. Done.
some lay on hand style healthcare. Yeah. Uh, good. You also construct sort of well enough that I can break down ship components, too.
Getting a little tired of this uh flood zone. But all of the one important thing to note, all of the uh toxic packs that we had gotten rid of via decay have been destroyed. Meaning um we can start cleaning up map tile some more cuz there's, you know, space for for more progress there. Oh, don't leave it there.
All right. 64 components. Not bad. Once the walls that have been very heavily damaged are repaired, uh, I'm going to make a bit of an effort to then try to get another, uh, fabrication bench up and running.
As I said, having dual benches so that we can have components on one and armor on the other, armor and weapons on the other, so that wizard is free to produce, mass produce the stuff we need. Scorps regened. Great. Oh, even good is helping to repair stuff.
So, all the mining up here is done. Uh, I don't think it's going to make much of a difference in terms of like the outside zone. As I said before, I think we have to cut the farm in half for that to take effect. Uh, which is not something I'm about to do at the moment cuz we really have a lot of uh farming and sewing to do.
One thing I could do as far as growing, because almost all of the growing right now is like sewing seed, which doesn't really require skill, let's have a plant party. If there's some wastage as a result of crop tenders not being very good at the job, like not a big deal. We have a lot of food. Uh, but I would really like to get I know heel route is a bit too difficult for like low tier low skill workers to put to to actually you know add or whatever but um if we can make some progress in sewing the even the rice uh then the rest of the farmers can focus on the heal route that we lack.
It might not also be an unreasonable thing to consider going back to simple meals, stockpiling some simple meals. Uh because it looks like we have a lot of vegetables and um why not? We have the labor cuz it's not like the cooks can be used most of the cooks can't be used for anything like more useful elsewhere. So, just about all of the toxic potatoes are up.
And I'm still hoping to find even more plastile remotely cuz we're going to go through it quickly. Oh god, even our bench broke. Good god. We have so many like old shirts and messed up helmets and all here we go.
So, here's the plant party that I wanted to see. We're actually getting a lot of the rice in so that the farmers can get the stuff that we want. better restocking meds and cotton. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh maybe when this corn is matured, I'm not going to reso it and I'll switch it over to cotton. So I think in an effort to do that, we this all is going to be meds and then this could be cotton.
And then uh as the rice gets pulled up or sorry corn gets pulled up, we'll replace that with cotton as well. Okay, [music] so all the rice is already in and now the heer's going in and the farmers aren't busy getting um toxic potatoes or rice. Now, with that said, I don't really want to leave it in the field. So, I am going to do a high priority hall and then try my very very very very best to remember to then stop the high priority hall once it's done cuz I have a tendency to like leave it in perpetuity, which I really don't want to do in this case.
be a bit of waste. I'd also love to get back to brewing beer, too. Tea is really easy to do because we can plant um psychoid on toxic tiles. Like I could plant psychoid here once our farmers are freed up from all the other tasks.
But hops is obviously a clean tile only type of crop. I'm not okay. Wait. Uh, I I'm going to go up to 500 chem fuel from organics, especially if we're going to start doing locus armor cuz Locus armor is going to chew through our uh chem fuel as well.
And then this is mostly just like cosmetic walls. So, it looks like we have a secured perimeter. Good. Yeah, this might not be a bad spot for all the the toxic stuff.
Abs. Absolutely. fully agree. Um it doesn't have a remove pollution area kind of for that reason.
Uh speaking well reminds me somehow uh that we should probably re-quip Scorp now that Scorp is not harmed. So Curry already has enough scocus to hit another person. Um, it's been a minute since our last shambler attack, so I don't think I'm going to go for good. So, this is a bad bite scar, but it's not itchy, so it's not painful.
That is not painful either. It's interesting. Maybe RCV's toe wound. It's like not a serious wound, but I mean, why not be 100%.
Oh, and SC mentorship just finished. Sweet. So, that's all the mentorships that we wanted done. Also, RCV, why did you have silver in your pocket?
Like, you smuggler, bro. So, Mazy, you are going to earn warlord. And we're going to break mentorship now. So, mentorship break schedule.
good is going to go back to a normal meditation schedule as will Madsy. And now everyone that I want to mentor at least immediately has been mentored which is awesome. And I might expand it uh at a later date but probably only after we get more work done cuz obviously having a bunch of people do mentorships means that we do not have them um you know performing colony work.
Who had long rot? uh glitch head long run. All right, taking a look at our steel amount. We are essentially out of this stuff.
So, we are absolutely going to need either continue mining or hauling the steel from like siege sites and places like that. So, I'm going to have good start zooming around the map, grabbing the the lowhanging fruit steel, the steel that's easy to just grab freely. And then we're going to need to um consider either Whoa, I didn't see you there like at all cuz you're a vampire.
Is there not enough space for the tox? Oh my god. Here we go. Yeah, there might not be enough space.
Uh, it's of low concern at the moment though. We are turning a lot of it into chem fuel and there is space for the chem fuel. Was that a wizard's hat? Uh, let's go with Yes.
Wow, there's a lot of Yeah, cuz we had been mining steel over here. So, Oh, you took off your gas mask. Uh, you're going to definitely want that going out into the nasty. So, wear this poor one or Yeah, wear this.
I guess poor one. That's fine. Cheers with the high priority hall that we've got going on. And don't worry, I remember that we still have it going on.
Uh I'm going to include this zone with all the steel hopefully to get them to autoh hall. And then it's also safe around there and here again so we can start uh maintaining our walls cuz this is all beat up. Uh we ought to probably avoid them though. It's not that they're a lot of threat.
I just don't want to have to fight if I don't absolutely have to. What's going on with her neck? Uh she has stone skin. She's got a stone skin gland which makes her very ugly.
So her neck is she's covered in like stony scales for armor. It's one of the reasons why h she hasn't really suffered the same facial wounds that the other brawlers have because she has remarkably higher tank stats, right? She has sharp and blunt massive bonuses that the others do not as a result of this. And she started with that.
That was a, you know, she started as a pawn with those bonuses without them. Uh, I think she probably would have died by now, like thrice over. So, I think our kitchen is full. I could be adding additional shelving.
In this case, I think what I'm going to do is Where's the link? This is linked. Build copies in the butchery cuz we basically don't butcher anyone, right? Like, or any not one, but anything.
Like, there's almost never anything to hunt. So, I'll put two more shelves in there. Uh, utilizing that empty space. I could even put it on the butcher floor, but I'd rather not cuz if we ever do hunt an animal, I really want a dedicated spot for their corpses to go somewhere useful.
cuz if we don't put them in the freezer, they just come back to life as a zombie. Funny, honestly, a pretty funny consequence of of um the the mod set, if you ask me. It's like if you hunt and don't haul, you've just made another shambler. Oops.
All shamblers. So, now there's a lot more space to haul the toxic potatoes. Uh, and I don't even care if they put them in the door either. That's fine.
Prop the door open. Makes no difference. So, all the toxic potatoes have been hauled. Uh, oops.
I probably don't need to haul stone chunks. So, let's cancel all the stone chunk designation haulings and just focus on the steel cuz I very frequently lose access to this part of the map. So all that glorious steel that we want should be hauled now now that there's no interference food is kind of stable. Yes.
Yes it is. It's stable till it's not. I mean that's kind of the name of the game is nothing is really stable on this scenario cuz this scenario is brutal in in a great way. Okay.
Turning off high priority hall because all the steel has been moved and now we could just focus on smithing and crafting and getting our gear back up getting up to 100% fighting form. Uh buying replacements is 3/4s nearly done and uh that will allow us to start to work towards jumps. shelves for weapons. It's not necessarily a bad idea.
I've just been keeping them like loose on the research floor. The only issue or worry that I have, however, maybe I'll put them in my barracks, cuz we we don't have any slavery, so it's not like I have any slaves to worry about. picking them up. Um, but I wouldn't want to put them anywhere where it's going to get overrun by shamblers and I won't be able to have access to the weapons in time, which is a a concern.
So, let's link these together. And whatever is on this stockpile, I'll just like paste here for now. which is triple launchers and sniper rifles and stuff like that. Oo, nice and clean.
Look at that. Doesn't look so ridiculous. How has nobody cooked though? I mean I Oh, cuz I Yeah.
Yep. I know why. Hey, Rascal, you're the chef now. RCV's up.
Weapon medicine. And assaulting 88. The crazy 88s. The south group is more dangerous than the north group, it seems.
I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to send my three junior brawlers up to the north to hold them at bay and wait for the southern group to be done with the much larger horde down here. helper outsourcing. Yeah. No, no.
Bandit encampment. I still might do. I haven't completely ruled that out, but I'm not outsourcing anyone. All right.
Got them pissed. Got them lured. They are going to try to bust a hole in the west. Copy that.
Uh, I know this door is actually, you know what? I I knew it was closed, but like, let's open it cuz tree brawlers should be able to hold them at bay. If they even if the shamblers are smart enough to even know to attack me, which I'm not sure they are. [groaning] Uh Ross and Nabe, you want to go up there?
Just start cuz there's not a You're kind of far away from the shots. There we go. Now they're Now they're moving. So I suspect Salo, you want to go into lockdown?
I'm going to change the pets zone to just be in the freezer. Uh because if the shamblers come in here, they're going to break that door really quickly and then sale is going to get chewed up. Um H. What I'm trying to do is to have them stop hugging the walls so that we can clear them out a little bit easier.
How about you guys go up here now cuz we're mostly done with the south. Gath can take them for a bit of a trip. Just hold your breath, guys. It's stinky.
All right, that wall is going to fail. Yeah, there's a lot of bodies. And they're flooding up this way from behind. Copy that.
Let's go over here. So, the brawlers are nearly done with the group that's flooding the doors. And then they're going to have this trickle in. And what they'll do is they'll engage this way.
Madsy, I'm the only uh Oh, uh, unlock. Yeah, I was going to be like, what's going on? You should already have your tutelage. I don't want Mazi standing out in the open cuz Mazi does not have um shield belt yet.
I guess that was Was that even on the bill? I have shields. I need to make one. Uh, it just lapsed.
Okay, we'll get around to that. Oh, you are alive. Shoot. Sorry, Sunzu.
Oh god, not Sunzu again. Leave his heart alone. You rejoin the group. Kadath is going to just like force recon out here, keeping them busy and occupied.
And good, your speed boost faded. Just taking a look at any permanent injuries. So far, I don't think we have any. At least not any obvious ones that have sused out.
Going to have a heck of a cleanup time, though, as always. All right, zooming all the way out. We do have some stragglers that like couldn't path find to us. Um, but everyone else is going to go rest.
And I know they're still active down here and obviously like a lot of corpses to burn. So, I'll probably bring uh let's say nabe down here to start torching nabe and scorp. So, I'm not really sure if the double walls I mean even if the d even if they got through here obviously they would have another layer wall. So, it looks like the double walls were ultimately pretty useful in thwarting the uh the wouldbe raiders or shamblers.
So there's this one too. Copy that. Scorp, you come out here. Nabe torch and scorp torch.
Uh, that's alive. But apart from that, I think that's the only one. So, unfortunately, never get a break. Uh, Hyper Hell again.
Yay. Everyone's like, "Woohoo! Woohoo!" It never ends. We have more corpses to uh deal with.
I was kind of hoping that those corpses would immediately disappear, but they did not. So, the corpse boxes at least remain typically intact, meaning that like they function as a way to round up bodies. Uh, which is good. And then Sakura.
Oh, uh, Sloan's already doing it. Never mind. Close to home. We got to move these bodies.
Use the last of your scocus. Once the flood goes away, it will be a little bit easier to manage the corpses. problem is the like river has overflowed. So much so that um there's not a lot of dry land around the uh exits of our killboxes, so to speak, which really puts me at a disadvantage to be able to deal with corpses in a high m high volume way.
It is receding. True. That will help. All right, Addie.
Once again, you are bleeding more than everybody else. You're getting patched in a minute. Is there a way to see that? Uh yeah.
Uh there was a message that popped up somewhere. Yep, there it is. Flooding is subsiding. And then the water was already out to like here.
So you can already see it subsided. The other thing is you can go to the terrain affordance overlay and the dark blue is flood water and the light blue is shallow moving water. So I don't have that much farther to go. The light blue is the the normal course of the river.
So that's a the terrain affordance overlay. letting Scorp sleep in a second. I keep saying to burn those corpses. They're not part of a home zone.
Eh, no. I don't know why, but they they just kept going out or something. Yay. It looks more normal.
All right. We can also get rid of these barricades. And then uh we're obviously going to need to build um we're going to need to build the bridges to keep this water from flooding over us in the future cuz that was super annoying. Oh, looking good.
We have a lot of marble blocks, too. Will you build more heavy bridges? Yeah, it's the plan. I won't have seasonal flooding for another year or I don't whatever 3/4s of a year.
So, there's plenty of time to do it. Uh, but as soon as the corpses are cleaned up, that's probably uh just a a quick little thing I'll I'll do. Almost all the bodies are popped away and then we'll have to burn them. He started getting bit by Gorehulks.
Good god. He really is a cursed individual. Nabe, you have boferite. Perfect.
All right, come on up here. That's a start. And then Kadath, I want you fixing up the granite wall. We have plenty of granite left over.
So, yeah, perimeter security. So, we're going to get the original walls back in here now that the flood waters totally subsided. And then um over here, now that most of the corpses are pulled away, we're going to just heavy bridge the entire edge of the river like we did for all the other sections cuz I I don't want any more of this flooding out over everything.
So, that will do. It's a lot of metal, but once it's installed, it pays for itself. There's a reason you make a button-up shirt since they're t-shirts. Uh, they're better armor and there's not a lot of I mean your chest is your torso and your head are the most important parts of your body cuz everything else is replaceable.
So button-ups are higher defenses than regular. And if you ever are wondering about that, what you could do is just go here and do like here's a t-shirt at sharp 7.2 too. And here's a button up. Uh or where is it?
Problem with having all the DLCs is the uh the list groweth. So if you So the cloth t-shirts are torso, left shoulder, right shoulder with these stats, you'll have to remember them. And then the button ups if you have cloth have or not armor, but insulation values and better coverage. So, the t-shirts were only covering shoulders, not arms, and then the button-down shirts cover arms.
So, if you find yourself like losing a lot of arms constantly, um it's and this is one of the reasons why I almost never use um like flak vests, flack vests are great for protecting your heart and organs, but like you're going to lose your limbs and your neck and stuff like that. So there's some parts of I mean fingers and toes suck in room world which is why bonic limbs are so preferred by me because armor for whatever reason canonically don't cover your fingers and toes or your hands and feet for that matter which is why pawns lose fingers and toes constantly.
Social fights, nibbles, wild animals, you name it, they'll lose it. Um, but bionic limbs don't have fingers and toes. They just are the limb. Uh, so once you replace that, you don't constantly find yourself losing fingers and toes like you would before.
Uh, okay. There's the shield up. And if you're wondering about the Molotov question that you had, I've answered that multiple times on stream. So, I'm just going to let my chat answer that.
But the TLDDR is a camper micromanager in the in the same efficient method. So, I I just don't use them. TLDDR, try it for yourself and you'll know why. because every time you throw a molotov, you have to queue up the next spot to throw a molotov and cancel the original queue because throwing a molotov on the ground is not they'll just do it infinitely.
So if you wanted to burn a whole bunch of corpses with the molotov, you could only burn a 3x3 square efficiently and then you would have to queue up a new queue for burning any additional corpses, which means you're just micromanaging a thousand times more. It's stupid. It's it's just not helpful. Whereas the Hellcat rifles are a great way to burn a large group.
Well, or yourself, but to burn a large group, allowing you to micromanage other things more usefully. Thank you for tuning in to Rim World: Inquest of the Dead, which originally streamed live on Twitch. If you have any feedback or questions for me, let me know in the comments below. If you'd like to catch a live stream of mine, roamant.com has my stream schedule and countdown timers to upcoming streams.
If you'd like to join my online gaming community on Discord, roamant.com has a link to it, as does the description of this video. Thank you so very much for watching. Special thank you to my Twitch subscribers, Patreon patrons, and viewers like you that support the channel. I made it all the way to the credits.
Thank you so very much. I hope to catch you next episode or an upcoming stream. Farewell, fellow Inquisitors.
