No more than five friends could hang out together during lunch.
Our high school principal was trying to crack down on gangs, but I never saw a single teacher enforce the rule. No backpacks in the halls. Oh yeah, because carrying all of our books between classes was a great freaking idea. Plus, hardly any time between classes to exchange books meant carrying multiple classes things at once.
Okay, update. Looks like this is the norm for quite a few people in school districts. Doesn't make the rule any less stupid. But to be fair, it depends on your school.
My middle school was eight or so classes a day with 3 minutes between classes in a large school where classes could be a far distance away from your locker. My high school was four classes and a much smaller building. But my friend's high school was similar to my middle school situation. I don't know.
We had the option of having backpacks and a few psychopaths like me just carried all of their books for every class around all day. But when given the option, most people just used their lockers. So I don't imagine it would be devastating if that rule were implemented in some schools. To be honest, your situation in middle school does sound a bit crazy, though.
No playing on the mini golf course. Due to the school having mineral rights on oil land in the mid70s, our school system had huge amounts of money. One thing they did was get nine concrete animals on the playground for miniature golf. These looked like a lot of fun to play on for kids, and they were concrete, so they were indestructible.
They took up a third of the absolute center of the playground. We couldn't touch them, play on them, or get anywhere near them. In PE, we broke out the putters one time in all of grade school. A few years later, they had the high school seniors take them out with sledgehammers.
My school banned backpacks at one point. To protest, boys just didn't bring anything with them to class, and girls bought really big purses. The $200 blazer was compulsory, and we got detention every single day until we got it. No rubbing linseed oil into the school corrant.
No beards. If we spoke our native language instead of English, we had to pay a fine of about 30 to 40 cents. Zero tolerance for bullying. The faculty were the worst ones.
Too many double standards. They had no problem enforcing it when a student was doing the bullying, but did absolutely nothing to punish the teachers when they did it. Gh. Yeah.
Having to stand and take punches only to have the principal inform you that your asalent was part of the basketball team. So, particularly inconvenient since our school had a tradition of contract hits and the captain of the basketball team decided he didn't like me. So, I ended up with a few junior varsity players who didn't ride my bus making cameos.
The one time he actually did something himself, he snatched the bill out of my hand while I was zoned out in the lunch line. I could have popped him one and went on with my day, but nope. I had to follow him until he got bored of the attention. Great policy.
That's zero tolerance. They banned dodgeball. Oh yeah, me too. They banned soccer once.
No hats, period. Unless you were devoutly Jewish or Muslim or some other religion that required it. No torn pants, skirts, or other articles of clothing, which wasn't enforced at all. They still have that rule today.
And no long jackets for boys. It was just fine for girls. School added thumbrint scanners at gates of school, which counted as registration. Needless to say, I just walk to my school, scan my thumb, and walk back home with them none the wiser.
Was a great few months until they finally noticed. Wait, months? [clears throat] We weren't allowed to wear plain red, blue, yellow, or white teas because of the white tea song and the idea that there might be t-shirt gangs. A second one was named after my crew.
A second rule was put in place because of my crew. We weren't allowed to have any comic or anime artwork during school hours, and students couldn't exchange money with each other. unless the teacher approved. Girls can't show your shoulders or above the fingertips with your hands straight against your legs.
Boys could wear tank tops with holes in them and basketball shorts. And girls were sent home if their damned t-shirt had a neck hole too big. Well, shoulders are the most enticing part of the female body. School I went to once had a policy against drinks that weren't water.
Granted, I love me some water, but it sucks not to be able to have a nice Gatorade or something in school once in a while. Well, until I just bought a metal water bottle and circumvented that rule pretty quickly. One-way hallways. Like, just let me get to class.
Who gives a crap? A kind of candy because people would pretend to smoke it. I don't know if it's dumb or funny, though. We weren't allowed to play tag or football at lunch, only Frisbee.
When I asked the principal about what the difference was, he responded with a sarcastic tone. A football is round and a Frisbee is a flat disc. He left the school later that year, went into [clears throat] another school, and a few years later was brought up on charges for failing to report the mistreatment of a student by a teacher.
Great guy. In elementary school, only grade five or six to grade 8 ate in the lunchroom. We'd have a lunch monitor stand at one end of the cafeteria watching all of us eat, and none of us were allowed to get up. The only reason we could stand up was to go to the washroom, and we'd have to raise our hand to be allowed to stand.
When the lunch recess bell was about to ring, we'd have to be dismissed table by table to throw out our garbage before we headed out. Conservative Christian College. A group of us played Age of Empires one weekend. They didn't like it and called a meeting.
Everyone involved got misdemeanors on their records. There was nothing in the handbook about it being against the rules. The only person that didn't get any punishment was the son of the president, even though he was just as involved as the rest of us. It was quite interesting explaining the write up on my record when I transferred.
Oh, you got a misdemeanor for what? They made it a rule after the fact and did this several other times with things such as nail polish or radio control helicopters. No fun allowed. I'm surprised you didn't show yourself converting other countries infidel soldiers with the priests in that game.
You know the whole yolo I owe you yolo. Hey presto, look. They're Christians or Catholics or Lutherans or whatever belief the school was. Always had to have your shirt tucked in.
Not a uniform, but literally just any casual clothes that were worn to school had to be tucked in. Basketball shorts and tank top tucked in or you get sent home. Jeans and long sleeve tucked. So goofy and authoritarian.
But this was in a rural school in the South, so I'm not surprised. I was a rebellious 16-year-old at the time, and it teed me off like nothing ever has.