Well, my mom's uncle.
I'll refer to him as uncle. His name is [snorts] Richard. Yeah. So, we called him Uncle Rick.
You're going to have to imagine the R replaced with a D so we don't risk demonetization on the channel. When we all stood up, it was revealed that Uncle Rick had forgotten to zip up his jeans after going to the bathroom. My dad and I were directly across from Uncle Rick, and we were barely keeping from bursting out laughing.
Then, he leaned over to me and whispered, "I'm thankful Uncle Rick remembered to put on fresh underwear this morning." About halfway through the meal, we were still laughing about it when grandma came over to yell at us for being distracting. She basically asked what we were laughing at in a not so nice voice. We pointed her gaze across the room, and she couldn't help but laugh a bit.
We told her it had been like that for the whole meal. The way we had set the tables up was in a big square of folding banquet tables so we could look out straight ahead of us at Uncle D, I mean Rick's boxes. At my father's funeral, my daughter was 3 months old and had a lot of belly pain. She tooted so loudly that even the priest needed to stop talking for us to stop laughing.
He even told us that the church was a serious place and if we couldn't behave to get out. I told him the deceased was my father and I couldn't control my daughter's tootses. Used to be a member of the student council back in college and this one time during a meeting with the campus dean who was explaining very seriously how some students were crapping on the toilet walls and throwing a literal feces on the ceiling which was building up expenses for cleaning.
I was asked to give ideas on how to tackle the issue and I clearly remember trying not to laugh and holding it in perfectly. But then as I made eye contact with a friend of mine in the council, we both bust out laughing to the point where our stomachs started to hurt, which led to other members of the council laughing out loud.
It was the first time meeting the campus dean as well. After that, anytime I'd see him, he'd give me a dirty look. In school, we did a course on mythology and had a project where we had to write our own mythological stories for the creation of creatures or places, stuff like that. One kid wrote a story about how a man was being mean to his horse, so the gods cursed him.
One day, his horse threw him onto a spear which went through the back of his head and down his forehead, and he was transformed into the first unicorn. I couldn't stop laughing for a solid 5 minutes. My teacher berated me for laughing at the violence, but the kid and I both thought that was funny as heck. at the wake for the grandma of my honorary sister and brother.
At some point, the old biddies from her church decided the children needed to come up and say goodbye to her in front of all these mourners, none of whom I knew. Also, this was Eastern Kentucky where everyone knows everyone else. So, already people are eyeing me up trying to figure out who the freak I am and why I'm sitting with the family.
Well, before I realize what's happened, the two of them have marched me up there with them and pinned me in between them. I'm awkward in the best of situations and was supremely uncomfortable at funerals. So, this was already my personal hell. We stood there and stared down at her in front of hundreds of people as this somber music plays and the priest instructs everyone to pray for us as we say our last goodbyes.
She's wearing this double- breasted sailor suit kind of thing. And my sister and I are making quiet comments like, "Well, she looks nice." When all of a sudden, our little brother blurts out, "Anchors away, old girl." in a perfect British mariner's voice and freaking salutes. So, my sister lets out a long drawn out gasp of what the freak and we just start trembling with laughter.
We can hear all of the old church ladies aing because it looks like from the back we're overcome with grief. As soon as we're able to control ourselves, we essentially frog march our little brother down the aisle with our heads down and we head straight out the door to the car. Honestly, that kid is freaking hysterical. Also, I should have worked out going into this that there were going to be a lot of funerals in this video.
Probably the most likely event for deeply inappropriate hilarity that there is. And thank God for the content. Cheers for writing in. I don't know if there's a name for it, but when I get really nervous or scared, I start to laugh.
Like, if it's bad enough, you'd think that I was watching the best scene in the best Three Stooges skit ever made. So, I was driving down the interstate when I saw a deer bolt across. It got hit by a car in the oncoming lane, flew like a ragd doll in front of my 18-wheeler, and exploded. I don't know what happened.
There was just blood everywhere. It looked like I'd gone in a rampage in GTA, but with the blood physics from Mortal Kombat. I pulled over to inspect the damage. Just blood and bits of flesh everywhere and a cracked and bent grill.
I got lucky, so I filled out a report with my company and took off for a shop to see about fixing the grill and hopefully for a truck wash. And wouldn't you know it, there was an open weigh station just ahead. The Department of Transportation officer comes out to see me as soon as I'm in sight and waved me over to the inspection area.
He immediately starts laying into me about why the heck the front of my truck is covered in blood. And I am just laughing. I mean, I couldn't get a single word out. Every time I tried to say something, I got a few words in and then just couldn't start again because of the hysterics.
Finally, his partner started inspecting the truck and found a piece of hoof. I finally managed to calm down enough to talk and we got it all sorted. Luckily, the DOT officer was having a good day because he decided not to write me a ticket and let me use their water hose that they had on site to wash most of the worst off before I took it to a shop to repair the grill.
You can submit your own stories to be featured here on the channel. The story submission link is in the description below. And if you want to listen to some vibe music in the background, check out Easy Mode, also linked below, and subscribe. When I was a secondyear law student, I had a classmate abruptly get up mid- lecture and waddle quickly out of the lecture hall.
There were about 90 students in the lecture, and in law school, the academic approach is the Socratic method, which is usually the professor and one student going one for one during the course of a lecture or class. The guy comes back into the classroom and the professor abruptly halts his current line of questioning with another student.
In front of the class, the professor asks the returning student, "Is everything okay?" The student responds, "Bad Chipotle." and walks back to his seat. I spent the rest of the lecture period giggling through the professor grilling students about family law.