Mixed too many substances and booze at a party. very sad for his younger brother who was a great person despite his brother. I kid you not, we had a 5- foot tall bully in our school. He gained favor with some of the bigger bullies and I suppose that afforded him cart blanch to act like them.
Anyways, a few short years after high school, he messed with the wrong guy at a party and they followed him home and shot him dead on his mom's front lawn. Not to the same extent, but there was someone like that at my school. Short little dude who got a big man complex because of the bigger bullies he rolled with. At an aftergrad party, he got jumped and someone took a metal rod and branded his leg after they dipped the rod in the fire.
After that incident, he works for a nonprofit for kids with troublesome home situations. Makes me wonder what he had going on behind the scenes. His father was caught stealing millions from the community. Dad was a wealth manager and all his clients were friends and neighbors in a sort of small town.
The family was really put through the ringer of embarrassment and the bully was a wreck for a long time. I guess he realized all the wealth and arrogance that he grew up with was stolen from everyone he knew. I saw him years later and it was like seeing a different person. He had changed his name, walked differently, and held himself with a different posture.
We spoke for a few minutes, and it was almost like he was genuinely interested in me. He didn't go out and say sorry for what he had done, but it seemed like he wanted to, but thought it would be techy. Maybe I'm reading too much into that interaction, but it was a little weird. It was like he'd been forcing himself to be an actual nice guy.
The kid who used to beat me up every day in third grade, I heard, crashed a motorcycle and lost both his testies. So, he's got that going for him, which isn't nice. He now owns his father's huge, massively lucrative construction company, which is exactly what he said he was going to do. And also let us know how much richer he was going to be than any of us.
So, yeah, it sucks because it came true. Mine became a professional football player in the NFL. I get to watch him on TV now. Frick.
My bully from elementary school through high school served prison time for embezzlement. They beat a fellow substance dealer to death during a transaction gone bad. He was convicted of secondderee murder with depraved indifference. Then the state court of appeals changed the law interpreting the definition of the charge.
The federal court vacated the conviction finding that the defendant was factually innocent of depraved indifference murder. He agreed to plead guilty to the lesser charge of manslaughter. So, he'd already served 10 years and was released after that plea. Judging from his Facebook posts, I know his brother.
He has a girlfriend, a job, and he's kind of cleaned up his act. I saw him rush the field at an NFL game and get arrested. Good times. Prison for killing people by lighting a diner on fire back in the late '7s and early 80s.
Just read it in the paper to no surprise. I think he set it on fire after hours just as arson, but didn't know some staff were trapped in the kitchen. found out after he got out of jail years later in Pennsylvania and is now [clears throat] in California in prison, but not sure of the crime. Opened a really stupid store in an overpriced mall in the '90s.
Lost a crap ton of cash and then control alt deleted himself. After years and years of being bullied in middle and high school by one particular guy, I took my dad's lawn mower in to get it serviced. And look who we have here. Good old racist f boy Sha walks up to the counter covered in dirt and oil and sweat.
He immediately knew who I was. Funny thing is, I'd hated this guy for so long. I even had a vision of snatching him by his shirt over the counter and beating his face into the ground. I was a skinny skater punk now.
Nothing was said between us during that interaction other than the services I needed. When I went to go pick up the lawn mower a week later, he asked me to step outside. In my mind, I'm thinking, "This is it. I'm going to pummel this guy." He lit up a cigarette and for about 15 minutes apologized for how he treated me in middle school and high school.
He told me about how he was brought up and how he was never as tough as he made out. After high school, he went to the military and was forced to work with other races. He even explained that his hatred towards people that weren't white faded away because of the Marines. He said he'd been screwed over more by his own race now than others and started to think about his ideology.
He's a humble guy now with regrets, but he's man enough to admit his faults. We shook hands and even hugged. I haven't seen him in about 10 years, but if I do see him again, I'll still shake his hand. For whatever freaking reason, he asked me out a few years after graduation.
That guy bullied me. I had this happen to a friend. She ran into our mutual bully at a party in college. He was hitting on her and she was ignoring him.
She finally told him to f off using his name. Apparently, he was shocked to realize she knew him. She apparently asked him why he thought she'd ever be interested in hooking up with someone who bullied her so much back in grade school. Apparently, his response was something like, "Wow, I was such a jerk back then." They murdered someone and are now in prison.
She became an influencer and has tons of followers because people think she's really funny because of how stupid she is. She kind of has a Paris Hilton persona going on. Very rich, spoiled girl pretending to be stupid and knowing nothing about the world. It's not surprising to me at all that high school bullies can be good as influencers.
They live for their crowd's validation. And now with the internet, they can have much more than their local crowds. Mine is now some sort of spiritual guru. So judging by how many of these bullies just continue to not learn anything and keep to their exploitative ways, there's a fairly good chance that this is a grift rather than genuine spiritual reform, right?
I mean, they could have had a revelation, but I'd be uneasy seeing a former bully in a position of power like this. My middle school bully from my class got hit by a car and didn't go to school for a whole year. Then he skipped school for the next year, literally the entire year. Then he finally got expelled and I never saw him or heard anything about him from then on.
He's on Facebook constantly crying about how unfair life has been to him. He also said he won't go to our 10-year high school reunion because he was bullied by the buttholes that are now organizing the reunion. When I commented and reminded him of how he bullied me, he just said, "At least I didn't make you as sad as they made me." Completely delusional.
I kind of feel bad for him. The autistic kid beat him in Spanish class within an inch of his life.