She starts gasping and balling. It's a big scene. She thanks me.
The next day at class, when our parents are picking us up, she's walking down the hall with her white trash mom. They walk up to me. I'm expecting a thank you from the mom or something. I've never seen this lady before.
And as she gets close, she starts yelling, "What did you think you were doing? You aren't a doctor or a nurse. You could have broken her ribs. You're lucky I don't get a lawyer and sue your family.
I still might. And it went on and on like that for about 5 minutes. I used to work for a local car dealership. I was selling the cheapest car on the lot to a dad and his daughter.
It was a 2,000 Dew for $3,000. She was so excited to have her own car and it was what her dad could afford her. At the same time, another salesperson was selling a brand new Eddie Bower Explorer to a dad as a present to his daughter. As I was presenting the dewoo to the new owners, the daughter of the other dad comes in to see her new explorer.
She started an absolute tantrum and yells, "I didn't want an explorer. I wanted an expedition." I was really proud of the dad of the explorer. As he walked back into the finance office, he changed the deal. He corroborated with the guy buying the dew and switched the names.
So, the girl crying over her Explorer now had a crappy dewoo. And the girl who was really grateful to have a car ended up with a fully loaded, paidoff explorer. I would never have believed it if I hadn't been the salesperson. It does stretch credul as you say, but my god, that is one heck of a tale of instant karma if it's true.
I can't ever imagine having that much money that I could laugh off an expense like that. But good on the guy for doing his best not to pass on rich person entitlement to his daughter. Valentine's Day 2004. Now, I've never given two craps about Valentine's Day, but my girlfriend at the time had never been in a serious relationship and wanted a special Valentine's Day.
I was more than happy to oblige for her. That day, I went to the local flower nursery where I used to work and bought two dozen red roses and grabbed an unused delivery invoice. I still had the uniform, just a t-shirt and hat, but enough to make me look like a legit delivery person. I then spent my entire paycheck on gifts for her and food for dinner.
everything. Balloons, decorations, red and pink cutesy crap, and several expensive gifts, including an iPod and a new camera. I went back to her house and decorated everything, transforming her kitchen and living room into what looked like a display at the mall. I even did the rose petals on the bed thing because I was sure my efforts would lead to a romantic evening.
I looked up her class schedule to figure out where her class was. We had different majors, and I proceeded to burst in, pretending to be a delivery person. I gave her the roses and a teddy bear in front of her entire class, even going so far as to make her sign the fake delivery invoice. It was her last class of the day, so I knew she'd be heading home afterwards.
I raced out of there so I could get there first, change, and start cooking dinner. I got there maybe 20 minutes before she did, and everything was going to plan. She was upset when she walked in the door. "Why didn't you wait for me after class?" she said.
I told her I wanted to start dinner before she got home and finished decorating the house. "Oh, I really wanted to go out for dinner tonight. can't we go out for dinner? I explained that I was going to make something special at home and had in fact already started cooking.
She looked at the table full of presents and the house full of decorations and just sighed, disappointed. I really wanted this to be a special Valentine's Day. Just this once. I was really hoping we could have a special day together, but I guess not.
In short, spent 800 bucks on Valentine's Day, put on a great show, and it wasn't good enough. Never again. You can submit your own stories to be featured here on the channel. The story submission link is in the description below.
And if you want to listen to some vibe music in the background, check out Easy Mode, also linked below. And subscribe. When I was younger, I worked at Blockbuster. I was the night shift manager, and one night I was working by myself when a customer walks up and handed me a woman's wallet.
He says he found it on the ground. I peaked inside to find an ID and membership card so I could look up her account and phone number. Sure enough, she had been in the store about 30 minutes earlier, so I gave her a call. She seemed pleased on the phone and said she'd be right in.
Store policy for something like that was to lock the item in the safe until the customer arrives. I did so and went about my business. About an hour later, the woman comes in and asks for her wallet. I tell her it's going to be 15 minutes as the safe was timed, and I asked her to wait.
This was apparently unacceptable, and she asked if I could get it faster than that. I told her no and continued helping other customers while she waited. Once the safe beeped, I grabbed her wallet and handed it to her. I had to put a line of customers on hold while I did this because I wanted her out of the store ASAP since she had spent the last 15 minutes fuming and standing right next to my register.
As soon as I hand her the wallet, she says, "My money had better be in there." I explained that honestly I had no idea as I didn't open it all the way as her membership card was on an outer flap. This was one of those larger wallets that was more like a mini purse with lots of flaps and zippers and such. After handing it to her, I asked for the next customer in line to step up and basically tried ignoring her.
Unfortunately, she began screaming, "My money is gone. You stole my money." Which really surprised me as she was a pretty normal looking soccer mom type. I asked the customer in front of me I'm helping to wait a second and explained to her that the wallet was handed to me and reiterated that I had not personally opened the wallet any further than the first flap.
She starts screaming again, saying there were over $200 in it and that she was calling the police. I shrug and tell her to go ahead. At this point, I'm completely satisfied to ignore her. She walks to the back of the store and whips out her cell phone.
I continue helping the line as the customers are looking back at this woman as she's loudly calling the cops. Most of the customers got up to the front of the line and went like, "What a witch." And that kind of comment. I just shrugged and smiled. After the line was cleared, the lady came back to the register and told me with a super smug look that the police were on their way.
"Okay," I say, and I give her a I don't give an f shrug and ignore her while checking in movies. About an hour later, a cop finally enters the store. This lady has waited right next to my register again the entire time, and she starts waving at him and pointing at me the same time.