The what is this crap complaints outnumbered the thank yous about 20 to1.
This is from people who came up without shoes to collect them. Well, this is embarrassing. When I was a kid, I was homesick from school one day. My mom told me she'd go rent a movie for me to watch.
Expecting a cartoon. I got really excited since I love cartoons. And back then they were seldom on TV. She came home and had bought a live-action film.
I was so disappointed. I cried and yelled for a while and said I didn't want to watch it. She was like, "Fine, I'll watch it on my own." When she started watching it, I pretended not to watch, but I couldn't help not watching it. Turns out it was the best movie I'd ever seen.
It made me both appreciate live action films and convinced me my mom always knew what was best for me. The movie was Back to the Future. What crazy accusation did someone make up about you at work? I'm on the keto diet that requires me to drink a metric crap ton of water.
So, I carry around a one liter nalgene bottle at all times. I'm a mid-level manager at a 60 person company. At the end of the workday, on the way out, I pass the water cooler and I fill my bottle up for the commute home. Yesterday, I was doing just that when our office manager walked up and said the following.
You're leaving for the day. Water is for employees to drink when they're working in the office only. I laughed it off, finished filling my bottle, and headed home. I genuinely thought she was kidding, or at the very worst, having a crappy day and lashing out.
She wasn't. Today, I get into the office with an email from her to myself, my boss, who's our CEO and founder, and our HR person, saying that I'm stealing from the company, that I didn't stop filling my water bottle, and immediately apologize when confronted, and that she's officially reporting this behavior and asking to have it documented.
Needless to say, we all had a pretty good laugh about it. My boss called me in hysterics and could barely form a sentence he was laughing so hard. And somebody wrote, "Is proper hydration good for the company on my water bottle?" Our office manager, however, is just walking by my office and glaring since then. In short, I'm the Daniel Ocean of our office water cooler.
Ooh, update. This morning, there was a fancy new Ngene bottle on my desk and the crazy office manager came by and said that she was having a crazy week and apologized. I showed her this comment. Laughs were had and all is now good in my office world.
time clock thievery while doing volunteer work. It was a simple volunteer gig, no major organization and nobody was keeping track of hours for anything. It was not courtmandated. We were cleaning up at the end of the day and I answered a phone call.
The supervisor got all angry and said, "Get off the phone. That's time clock thievery. By god, this man can steal time itself." After working at Subway for 5 years, three of those as manager, I was accused of turning off the cameras in the store and getting blazed in the cooler. I quit shortly after.
Turned out the owner was trying to set me up to fire me. I once used the phrase more than one way to skin a cat around a manager who had never heard the phrase. She called me into her office later to ask why I was saying such a disgusting thing, accused me of being a sicko who killed animals, and then threatened to fire me if she heard anything like it ever again.
[laughter] I mean, I would hope that once it was explained that it was a common saying that they might back down, but I guess there are some cat people who would probably be incapable of hearing this without bursting into tears. So, who knows? I was working retail at Best Buy at the time, and they had me working in MP3 players and cell phones, despite the fact that DVDs and video games were really more my wheelhouse.
But I went and worked where they told me, and I did my job well. During Christmas season, it got really busy, so everyone was running around helping every department. I was hanging out in my own section when a woman came over, asked me about some headphones, and I helped her. She then asked me if the Dance Dance Revolution Madcats mat she bought for her daughter was any good and I asked if she has any of the games.
She didn't. I showed her a slightly more expensive but better copy of a Konami mat with a game and she thanked me and she didn't even know she needed a game with it and went off. My department manager came up behind me, tells me to meet him in the break room in 5 minutes and rips into me. He says that the department with the best revenue gets bonuses.
It's only true for him, by the way, not for the rest of us below him. and tells me off for helping customers in other sections get more expensive things. He says he'd be shocked if I made it past winter. I just say yes, sir.
And go back to work. Come January, I get fired by department manager recommendation. So, when you go to Best Buy, know that all the departments have their own agendas with you. I had an employer of mine write me up for stealing trash.
In reality, at the end of my shift, one of my duties was to gather all of the trash. Often times I'd pick through said trash and sort out all the paper, pop cans, and water bottles in our company's recycle bin. We had a special promotion with our trash company in which our company would get money based on the number of pounds we recycled.
It ended up being $1,500 per month, and we didn't pay our trash bill. So, long story short, I got a final write up for stealing company time for sorting our recyclables. So, I stopped the following month, and our manager was then angry that she had to pay a trash bill. She called the trash company and the company told her that the past 2 years she didn't pay for trash because our company would recycle so much and we'd get a $1,500 check and free trash service.
My boss thought that the checks were a bonus for her. Anyhow, the district manager was reviewing the write-ups and saw that I got written up for stealing trash, so he called me up and asked me what was going on. I told him the story about the trash company and their promotion. He congratulated me for a job well done.
The next day, he flew in to talk to my manager. He asked her what happened to the $20,000 she got from the trash company. Apparently, she tried to pin it back on me and our district manager promptly fired her. After escorting her out, he called me into the office.
He told me what happened in that meeting and offered me a promotion to assistant manager. I was called a racist because I didn't really talk to or interact with any of my fellow employees beyond what was needed. I had to explain to my boss, who was also black, that I wasn't racist. I just didn't talk to this one girl because she was incredibly annoying.
So, I got accused of stealing a salad. I worked as a cashier at a grocery store while in high school. Because that scheduled me 6 and 1/2 hours, I only qualified for a 15-minute break, not a 30-minute one.