They tipped him nice, he said.
It was very anticlimactic, though. So, I was actually the person who jumped in the car and said, "Follow that bus." And then tried to get to the next stop before the bus, please. It's important. I'd forgotten my phone, and that was the only thing I could think of.
There was no way I'd outrun the bus. I had to cross a big boulevard and wait at the traffic light. And after that, it was a long stretch where I'd stand no chance. The guy actually made it and even told me to just go and not pay anything.
To be fair, it took him like a minute or two anyway, but still. So, cheers to you, random, genuinely nice taxi driver. You're a gentleman and a scholar. My ex had to chase down someone's boyfriend in his cab because the runaway boyfriend stole $500 in cash.
Huh. A man was trying to pick up some garbage. He was a dumpster trucker or whatever. And his pal drove off thinking he was in the bank.
The man ran to my car, kept knocking on my window, and said to follow that truck in a voice so loud New York City could hear, and he hopped in. I'm pretty sure I drove a red light to get to the dumpster truck. He paid me a 20 though, so it was worth it. What happens to relationships after one partner is diagnosed with a personality disorder?
I have schizioid personality disorder. I'm 48. I've not dated since 1992. If she hadn't asked me, I probably would never have dated, but my curiosity got the best of me.
I'm also chronically unemployed. I've never been able to keep a job, mostly because I don't build relationships with my co-workers. School was a disaster, probably for the same reason. I don't seem to be interested in things the way other people are, so I'm impossible to motivate.
I was recently diagnosed with avoidant personality disorder. I'm 28. I grew up with the message that intimacy equals surrendering all control to the other person and I was never able to trust my parents or family members because I knew they were more concerned about themselves than me. As an adult, I've always tended to lose myself in relationships.
I've lost sight of my own wants and needs and form myself around the wants and needs of my friends and partners whilst feeling resentful for being unable to show the real me to anyone. Currently, I have no real friends because I find that crap exhausting. and I have a boyfriend, but I hate the way I absorb his values and opinions.
And I miss being in touch with my true self, like when I'm single. I desperately want to have meaningful relationships in my life, but I can't seem to escape the impulse to become subservient to whomever I allow close to me, and I end up resenting them as their identities take hold of me. I don't want to be alone, but alone is the only way I feel in control of myself.
I can't say I'm a success story because I only recently received this diagnosis and I still have a lot to work on. But at least I know what I'm dealing with now. And for me, success will consist of learning how to actually share my true thoughts and feelings and opinions with people, which is really freaking hard. I need to learn to trust myself even when others disagree with me.
I think I have a long road ahead. For those of you wondering whether you have this disorder, if you have a history of trauma, it certainly increases the likelihood. Everyone is different though and these are just my personal experiences. If you're identifying with the symptoms, my advice would be to find a good therapist and work towards finding your own voice.
No matter how long or how many people have drowned it out, you deserve to be seen, heard, and known. I was suffering for years with unknown mental health issues and had a string of unhealthy relationships. I finally got diagnosed with bipolar disorder, started getting help, and met an amazing person who supports me and puts up with my sometimes over-the-top mood swings with kindness and love.
Sometimes I worry I'm putting too much on him, and I tell him this often. He always bats it away, saying I'm worth it. To be clear, I don't attack him or say horrible things to him. It's just my mood around him that can be a bit toxic.
If I get upset, I can't really stop the process, and it can be very stressful with me crying and unable to self soo and stuff. I do my best to keep these things to a minimum, and I'm getting better the more time goes by. And even just blurting out how I feel and getting a hug off him helps so much knowing I'm not being judged, even if I'm acting like a child.
I still have a long road ahead. And maybe one day he'll realize it's too much for him, which I would totally understand. It's shown me what a person can be and what everyone deserves, and I'll always be grateful to him for that. I'm not unlovable just because I'm sick.
Oh, too right on that last message. I think the right partner can make a great difference for a lot of people, but even if you don't have one, the point I'm getting from the last two stories is that even if these disorders aren't curable, they are treatable and livable with the right methods. Onto the next story. I believe that I have some or maybe a lot of narcissistic traits, never having been told by any of my numerous therapists.
And I never realized it until I was with my now husband. I've come to learn through tons of self-reflection and awareness that it's due to my need for control because of an almost complete lack of boundaries as a child. I also have OCD tendencies and severe anxiety. And it's always manifested as severe irritability and anger and outrage at the tiniest of things.
But I never in a million years thought that I was the problem until I'd been together with my husband for about a year and we were expecting our second child. I've been working meticulously on myself for the past 3 years and I have a long way to go. But now I can identify my triggers and also I'm much less demanding and controlling and I'm aware of the subconscious emotional manipulation I was using on my husband.
He was finally able to express how much it's affected him and it really sank in for me the degree of damage I was doing to my relationships with others, my friendships and my children included. And I'm so lucky that I was able to see it and start healings so that I didn't continue on that path and hurting those I love. Well, my father's a psychopath who once told me that psychopaths don't like being called that.
He'd consider his greatest success that of being able to hold down a marriage with a kid along with multiple girlfriends. I mean, that's very impressive, but not in a good way. Skitsioid personality here. What are these relationships you speak of?
My relationships haven't changed, but knowing how other people think makes getting by easier. Knowing your skitsoid doesn't really help in my experience. Skitsioids are pretty insular and self-reflective, so we know how we operate without a diagnosis. By skitsoid standards, I've been very successful at dating.
By normal person's standards, I'm still well below average.