I mowed lawns to rent a tux. And since my dad was working, I started walking towards my school the night of the prom. As I'm walking down the sidewalk, a group of guys drives past me in a convertible going the opposite direction, and they ask me if I'm going to the prom. I recognize a couple of them as the popular kids, so I say yes.
They said they'd swing around and give me a ride. They made a U-turn and I see one begin to stand up in the backseat of the car. The top was down. It was beginning to get dark and I couldn't see too well, but I thought I saw him make some kind of motion like he was saying, "Come on." And then I came to consciousness in an ambulance.
After I get as much of my bearings as I was going to, I freaked right the freak out. There was blood on my tuxedo and EMTs standing next to me. I asked them in a confused teenager sort of way what the actual f happened and where was I. They told me someone had reported seeing me lying on the sidewalk unconscious and bleeding.
I was dumbruck. I said I don't remember anything other than waiting to get a ride from someone. There was apparently a can full of beer sitting very close by which they believed I'd been hit in the head with. Then it all came together for me in one very terrible instant.
I was struck paralyzed with fear as my brain pieced together what must have happened. When I saw that guy stand up in the back seat making a hand motion, he must have been throwing something at me. In the darkness, I didn't see it coming and was most likely completely unprepared when it hit me. I must not have even known what hit me.
They said I was curled in the fetal position when they found me, which I don't remember going into. I remember nothing from the time, just the car coming towards me and then waking up in the ambulance. The police took the can as evidence, and apparently it had blood of mine on it and was dented from having hit my head. Of course, every person in that car covered for one another, and as such, there weren't arrests or disciplines of any kind.
I knew it was them, though. That's the only thing that made sense to me more than 10 years later. I never went to another prom. 9th birthday, I invited my entire grade.
My mom, my little sister, and I had spent a week making a piñata by hand. We were living in extreme poverty. I got thrift store toys for presents. No complaints from me, though.
I loved the thrift store, and they were still toys. We didn't have a lot to eat sometimes. I was later put in foster care, but that's another story. But my mom had saved up to have snacks and such, and I remember that she put so much work into making it a great party.
I knew my best friend had some kind of family event that weekend, so she couldn't come, so we had plans to have a sleepover the next weekend. We sat in the yard waiting for 2 hours, and nobody came. My little sister and I ended up just taking turns hitting the piñata ourselves. I wanted to cry, but my mom already looked so sad, and I felt too guilty to let the tears come.
Worst birthday ever. Just last night, I was forced to go watch a friend of a friend's band play some crappy gig at a hole-in-the-wall bar. They went on late after another band had already played, and the audience just kept dwindling in size. It was pretty excruciating.
It took all of my willpower not to look like I was in agony. Afterwards, we all had to pretend that they had rocked out and that we were impressed. I mean, he looked so happy. We couldn't ruin it for him.
I used to work in the showroom at Chuck-E-Cheese when I was in high school. My primary job was to throw birthday parties. And throw birthday parties I freaking did. I made damn sure that every kid there had the greatest birthday party of all time.
I worked the 4th of July one year and we had just one party that day. I got to work on it. The RSVP number was fairly small, like five people or so. But it got worse than that.
It was just the father and son. The mom and mom's family were proud residents of the state penitentiary in Oklahoma or something. Dad got custody and moved with the son to Tennessee and had his party there. He invited a few friends, but none of them came, so it was just the father and son at the birthday table.
They weren't very well off, and they bought the barebones party option. I asked around to all of my co-workers and threw in about 40 bucks of my own money to make sure that they had the best birthday bash ever. It was an hour from close and nobody was there, so all of the employees just started partying with them. We made them 10 pizzas and the kid got to pick whatever toppings he wanted.
We then gave him about 500 tokens. We played and partied for 2 hours and then put on the show after closing. After the show, my boss bought out an Xbox and the kid got to play Xbox on the giant TVs in the showroom. It was close to midnight when they left.
My boss brought fireworks and beer and all of us employees were going to raise heck in the parking lot, but we decided to invite the kid, too. He got to shoot off bottle rockets and Roman candles and whatnot, and his dad got a beer out of it. Later, dad brings the employees aside and starts crying about how awesome of a party it was.
I worked at Chuck-e-Cheese's for 2 years and hated most of it, but that night was one of the best of my entire life. I think the total pot on them was close to 200 bucks. My boss matched my donation and everybody else pitched in a few bucks here and there. I haven't seen the kid or the father since, but I do know that the father wrote an email to customer service and we got fancy pins in our lanyards.
There was this hospitality hero competition and if the managers ever caught you doing something nice for the customers, you got a slice of pizza on the chart. Four slices of pizza and like 15 pizzas got you to the hospitality hero level where you had this awesome pin with Chuck on it. I think all of us working that night got one.
Yay. You know, this might actually be the most wholesome story to come out of the slave pits of Charles Entertainment Cheese. There was 100% less pee, duty, and throw up than most of those stories have. And it didn't even involve physical violence.
Well done, everybody. You and your co-workers seem like good eggs. For my 20th birthday party, I was going to have a big barbecue. I bought the meat, the cake, the corn, everything.
I invited 50 people, and not one of them showed up. Not one person. This sort of thing also happened to an acquaintance of mine. The kid was really nerdy, but didn't really have any self-awareness, so he didn't really have friends.
He organized a big going away party our senior year. A friend and I knew what was going to happen. So, out of pity, we decided to go. Big surprise, no one else was there.
Just a big empty house with a few bowls of chips all set up and the guy sobbing in the corner. We stood there awkwardly for a few minutes. It was miserable. So, we ran back home, grabbed our laptops, ran back, and had an impromptu mini land party.