Title: The Dumbest School Rule Ever? Teachers Really Expected Us to Follow THIS?!!?
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chrUy_E-YfI

The  dumbest  school  rule  ever.  Teachers
really  expected  us  to  follow  this.
In  grade  eight,  we  were  banned  from
standing  in  circles  at  recess  because  of
potential  scandalous  activity  going  on
in  the  middle.  We  stood  in  squares
instead.  Be  there  and  be  square.  For  a
while  in  my  school,  groups  of  kids  would
stand  in  circles  shouting,  "Fight,
fight,  fight."  Until  a  teacher  came  to
break  up  the  non-existent  fight.  God,  we
were  jerks.
We  couldn't  wear  winter  clothing  like
jackets,  hats,  or  gloves  in  class
because  apparently  they  were  gang
symbols.  This  was  a  small  farm  town  in
Wisconsin.  Besides  obviously  having  no
gangs,  it  was  freaking  cold,  even
indoors  in  the  winter.  But  clearly
wearing  warm  clothing  is  something  that
only  gangs  do.  Also  from  a  small  town  in
Wisconsin,  we  weren't  able  to  wear
jackets  or  anything  like  that  in  class
either  for  literally  the  same  reason.
One  kid  came  into  the  class  wearing  snow
boots  and  the  teacher  told  him  to  put
them  back  in  his  locker.  So,  he  came
back  with  his  farm  boots  that  smelled
like  straight  up  manure.  We  all  knew
where  he  was  for  the  rest  of  the  day.
I'm  a  cheerleader  and  for  school  spirit
week,  I  wore  the  uniform  they  gave  me.  I
got  dresscoded.  That  is  the  ultimate
high  school  moment.
They  banned  wristwatches  and  no  one
really  knows  what  the  reason  was.  Well,
it's  a  gateway  clock,  you  see.  Before
you  know  it,  people  start  bringing
pocket  watches,  then  wall  clocks,  then
grandfather  clocks,  and  before  you  know
it,  some  kid  walks  in  with  Big  Ben.  Then
what  do  you  do?  Can't  wear  too  many
matching  shirts  because  you  could  be  in
a  gang.  This  was  in  regards  to  a  kid
with  cancer  wanting  to  make  a  bunch  of
t-shirts.  My  school  was  in  butt  freick
nowhere,  Nebraska.  American  schools  seem
to  be  obsessed  with  the  idea  of  gangs.
Oh,  they  really  are.  My  public  school  in
the  '90s  tried  to  make  us  wear  private
school  style  uniforms.  Avoiding  gang
colors  was  the  big  argument  for  this.
This  was  an  affluent  school  in  the
suburbs.  Schools  will  latch  on  to  any
perceived  potential  transgression  to
enforce  authoritarian  rules,  which  is
how  you  end  up  with  teen  girls  carrying
ibuprofen  for  period  cramps,  being
treated  like  smack  traffickers.
Our  school  banned  hugging  because  of  its
eroticism.
As  you  can  imagine,  the  boys  at  school
started  giving  each  other  very  sensual
high  fives  for  the  rest  of  the  year.
There  is  no  group  that  takes
homoeraticism  more  seriously  than  late
middle  to  high  school  boys.  Apart  from
maybe  the  military.
[laughter]
Love  these  kids.  My  friends  and  I  would
have  done  exactly  the  same  thing.  I  can
picture  the  slow  high  fives,  clasping
fingers,  and  incredibly  suggestive
moans.  Perfection.
No  backpacks  to  class,  but  purses  were
allowed.  Girls  started  carrying  purses
big  enough  to  be  considered  a  backpack.
Guys  got  teed  off  and  started  carrying
purses  as  well.  Huh?  I  just  bring  my
books  in  a  microwave.
Or  you  could  go  the  tall  girl  way  and
carry  around  a  milk  crate.
Middle  school  had  banned  salt  and  pepper
from  being  used  in  the  cafeteria.
Claimed  it  was  too  unhealthy.  Still  sold
Mountain  Dew  in  the  vending  machines,
though.  school  I  used  to  teach  at  had
similar  rules.  Some  bull  crap  about
federal  nutrition  standards  or
something.  We  just  keep  them  in  the
teachers  lounge  along  with  hot  sauces
and  camoy  and  a  few  other  condiments  and
leave  them  on  our  desks.
In  my  freshman  year  of  high  school,  we
had  a  terrible  vandalism  problem.  The
bathrooms  would  be  broken  in  various
ways  almost  constantly.  In  a  stroke  of
pure  genius,  the  staff  decided  that  any
bathroom  that  was  vandalized  would  be
closed  off  for  the  week  on  first
offense,  closed  for  the  quarter  for  the
second  one,  and  permanently  on  the  third
offense.  They  took  back  the  rule  after
closing  every  bathroom  on  day  one.  The
prom  was  a  mandatory  lockdown  for  the
night  in  order  to  avoid  students  going
to  parties  after  prom.  Prom  was  held  at
various  houses  across  the  town  instead.
I  hate  it  when  schools  shoved  their
noses  into  everyone  else's  business.  Oh,
we  had  overnight  dry  grad.  It  wasn't  a
dance,  but  more  like  a  game  night.  There
were  bouncy  houses,  obstacle  courses,
and  other  games  and  stuff,  plus  food.
Obviously,  it  was  fun,  but  by  about  4  to
5:00  a.m.,  I  was  pretty  tired  and  asked
if  I  could  go  home.  No  go.  They  wouldn't
let  anyone  out  of  class  unless  their
parents  came  and  got  them  or  it  was  an
emergency.  It  was  stupid  as  heck  since
we  were  17  or  18  and  had  driven
ourselves  to  the  school  and  all  it  did
was  make  us  drive  home  over  tired  at
7:00  a.m.  I'm  surprised  everyone  made  it
home  all  right  since  we  were  basically
sleeping  against  walls  and  each  other  by
the  end  of  it.  Shoes  are  to  be  worn  as
the  manufacturer  intended.  I  have  no
clue  who  was  wearing  their  shoes
incorrectly  or  how,  but  this  line
verbatim  was  repeated  to  us  over  the
morning  announcements  when  there  were
perceived  infractions  at  various  points
throughout  the  year.  They  decided
everything  bad  happened  in  the  last  5
minutes  of  lunch.  So,  lunch  got  5
minutes  shorter  each  year.  Any  group
that  had  more  than  five  had  to  be  up  to
no  good.  So,  no  groups  bigger  than  five.
This  wasn't  some  big  city  public  school
for  troubled  kids.  It  was  a  tiny
Catholic  school  in  a  tiny  farming  town.
The  worst  offense  by  a  student  of  the
whole  time  I  was  there  was  some  kid
walking  across  the  street  to  get  a  soda
from  a  store.  If  you  were  involved  in  a
fight,  you  got  suspended.  While  it
sounds  reasonable,  context  didn't
matter.  I  got  suspended  once  for  not
throwing  a  single  punch,  kick,  or
whatever.  I  got  suspended  because
somebody  knocked  the  books  out  of  my
hand,  and  when  I  reached  down  to  grab
them,  they  punched  me  in  the  face.  I  got
suspended  for  walking  down  the  hallway
and  unprovoked  getting  punched  in  the
face.  Screw  Brandon  Valley  Middle
School.  My  buddy  got  suspended  for
something  similar.  His  Marine  Corpse
military  police  mother  told  him  in  no
uncertain  terms  that  if  anyone  tried
that  crap  again,  earn  that  suspension.
Freaking  surprise,  surprise.  The  guy
tried  it  again  and  he  went  ham  on  the
kid.  Busted  nose,  torn  ear,  black  and
blue  for  weeks.  The  fallout  was  exactly
the  same  as  not  fighting  back  at  all,
except  my  buddy  got  a  pat  on  the  back
from  his  mom  in  a  new  video  game.  Tell
you  what,  nobody  tried  that  with  him
again.  If  it  wasn't  zero  tolerance,  then
it  wouldn't  be  a  problem.  If  someone
gives  you  some  physical  trouble  and  they
get  punished,  easy  peasy.  They've  got
cameras  everywhere.  Surely,  it  would  be
pretty  easy  to  see.  You  couldn't  wear
any  kind  of  head  items  that  were  gang
colors,  as  in  red  or  blue.  This  included
hair  bands,  scrunchies,  beads  in  your
hair,  ribbons,  anything.  I  got  in
trouble  for  wearing  a  blue  hairband  with
white  polka  dots.  Don't  joke  about  the
polka  dot  cartel.
My  high  school  mascot  was  Daniel  Boone
holding  a  musket.  A  kid  wore  a  Guns  and
Roses  shirt  to  school  and  was  told  he
had  to  change  shirts  because  of  the
pistols  on  the  shirt.  He  pointed  out  the
hypocrisy  of  the  school  mascot  and  they
changed  everything.  The  mascot  was
switched  to  holding  a  flag  pole  instead.
Every  instance  of  the  mascot  was  changed
from  the  multiple  signs  outside  and
around  the  school  to  the  giant  picture
in  the  middle  of  our  basketball  stadium.
Holden,  you're  a  freaking  legend  for
this.  I  mean,  hey,  at least  this  shows  a
consistent  internal  logic  and  a  lack  of
hypocrisy  on  the  part  of  the  school
admin.  Although  definitely  a  lack  of
self-awareness,  too.  Suspension  is  a
punishment  for  skipping  school.  Don't
want  to  come  to  school?  Well,  now  you
can't  until  next  week.  and  no  tank  tops
in  a  desert  climate  because  shoulders
are  too  suggestive  for  school.
They  banned  hats  because  hats  can  be
used  to  signify  gang  colors.  The  only
major  crime  group  in  our  area  was  the
Hell's  Angels  and  they  certainly  weren't
having  people  wear  hats  for  children  to
signify  their  allegiance.  It  was  so  bad
a  few  years  after  I  graduated,  I  came
back  to  volunteer  as  a  chaperone  for  a
school  trip  as  a  favor  for  my  favorite
teacher.  The  principal  saw  me  wearing  a
beanie  from  across  the  school  and  he
literally  sprinted  a  half  mile  to  chase
me  down  and  tell  me  to  take  off  the  hat.
When  I  told  him  I  wasn't  a  student  and
didn't  have  to  follow  the  dress  code,  he
said  either  take  off  the  hat,  leave,  or
he'd  call  the  cops.  It  wasn't  the  actual
day  of  the  trip.  I  just  had  to  show  up
to  get  the  itinerary  and  stuff.  So,  I
just  said,  "F  you.  I'm  out.  Idiots."
Yeah,  that's  a  great  way  to  get  rid  of
the  free  help  that  you  need  in  order  to
have  the  trip  in  the  first  place.  Our
adult  chaperones  were  allowed  to  ignore
rules  that  applied  to  us  kids  all  the
time.  And  sure,  we  complained  about  it
and  the  teachers  just  told  us  to  shut
up.  That's  how  it  worked  and  how  it
probably  should  work.
We  had  percentage  grades  and  if  you
earned  100%  in  a  class  for  the  semester,
you'd  be  dinged  down  to  99%  because,  and
I  quote,  "Only  God  is  perfect."  As  far
as  I  know,  this  wasn't  an  official  rule,
and  I  only  know  of  it  happening  one  time
to  the  girl  who  eventually  became  our
validictorian,  but  that  was  the
reasoning  she  was  given.  It  was  a
Catholic  girl's  high  school,  and  there
were  a  lot  of  other  weird  strictly
enforced  rules,  especially  around  the
uniform.  But  the  only  God  is  perfect
rule  will  always  take  the  cake  for  me.
Did  they  just  cut  the  percentage  of  a
single  person?  Oh  my  [laughter]  god,
you  got  in  trouble  if  you  just  wore  a
Hannes  white  t-shirt  after  school
because  you  were  in  your  underwear.  You
might  as  well  just  wear  your  literal
underwear  to  make  a  statement  at  that
point.  My  high  school  banned  t-shirts
that  had  the  cover  of  Russia's  album
Signals,  an  album  popular  at  the  time,
which  features  an  image  of  a  dog
sniffing  a  fire  hydrant.  They  considered
it  scatological  because  the  dog  was
about  to  pee  on  it.  This  struck  the
entire  student  body  as  extremely  stupid
and  roughly  half  of  the  student  body
picked  a  day  to  wear  the  t-shirt.  We
won.  Oh  my  god.  Imagine  how  terrible  it
would  be  if  kids  found  out  that  dogs
pee.
We  weren't  allowed  to  have  cough  drops
in  our  elementary  because  the  school
considered  them  substances.  I  mean,  God
help  you  if  you  have  a  headache.  Oh,  you
need  aspirin?  Well,  you  need  to  eat  more
fiber  because  that's  tough  crap.
No  fist  bumps.  Their  reason  for  this  was
that  kids  might  accidentally  punch  the
other  person  in  the  face.  The  school  I
went  to  was  in  a  pretty  rough  area,  so
there  were  lots  of  incidents  where  kids
ended  up  getting  into  actual  fights.
Took  all  of  the  doors  off  the  men's
bathroom  stalls  because  of  vandalism  for
two  whole  months.  Same  at  my  school,  but
for  all  of  four  years.  We  had  no  toilet
paper  or  mirrors  either.
We  were  all  given  these  ugly  planners  at
the  beginning  of  the  school  year  with  a
few  pages  at  the  back  filled  with  hall
passes.  If  you  didn't  have  your  planner
or  if  all  of  your  boxes  were  filled,  you
weren't  allowed  to  go  to  the  bathroom.
And  no,  [clears throat]  you  couldn't  buy
a  new  planner  or  borrow  one  from  your
friend.  The  only  reason  you  had  was  if
you  had  a  doctor's  note.  But  no  doctor
was  going  to  give  a  note  for  an  upset
stomach  caused  by  the  school  lunch.  Oh
wow,  I  totally  forgot  about  this  until
you  said  this.  We  had  those,  too.  Some
teachers  gave  extra  credit  to  kids  who'd
never  used  any  of  their  hall  passes.  I
went  to  a  school  that  had  block
scheduling,  so  our  classes  were  2  hours
long.  Pretty  messed  up  that  we  were
incentivized  to  never  use  the  bathroom
now  that  I  think  back  on  it.  You  can
submit  your  own  stories  to  be  featured
here  on  the  channel.  The  story
submission  link  is  in  the  description
below.  Don't  forget  to  subscribe  to  Am  I
the  Genius?
No  jackets.  They  think  we  might  hide
things  like  phones  or  bombs  in  there.
We  had  to  wear  belts.  Somebody  snitched
that  people  weren't  wearing  belts  under
their  sweaters  and  they  actually  checked
and  a  bunch  of  people  got  detentions.
Stupid.  We  had  belt  raids  at  my  high
school  where  the  dean  would  burst  into
classes  completely  interrupting  any
education  to  check  that  everyone  was
wearing  a  belt.
Attended  an  all  girls  high  school.  You
had  to  bring  a  male  date  to  dances  or
not  attend  at  all.  No  going  solo  or  with
your  girl  mates.  It  was  so  backwards.
All  of  the  girls  in  my  sixth  or  seventh
grade  started  putting  pink  laces  in
their  shoes.  I  don't  know  why,  but  the
school  officials  banned  colored  laces,
saying  pink  is  a  gang  color.
Girls  must  wear  skirts,  even  in  the  cold
black  rain.
No  fitted  clothes  for  girls.  This  was
high  school.  If  the  swell  of  your  chest
or  butt  were  visible  due  to  tight
fabric,  you  had  to  go  home.  This  wasn't
a  religious  school.  This  was  just  a
school  run  by  dumb  pieces  of  crab.
My  freshman  dorm  at  a  religious  college
had  a  list  of  rules  that  filled  a
legal-sized  sheet  of  paper.  It  included
being  in  your  room  for  forced  study  time
every  night,  keeping  your  towels
straight  on  the  tail  rack,  and  making
your  bed  by  9:00  a.m.  every  day,
including  weekends.  So,  if  you  wanted  to
sleep  in  on  Saturday  morning,  you  were
supposed  to  get  up,  make  your  bed,  and
then  go  back  to  sleep  on  top  of  the  bed.
Involved  in  a  fight,  same  punishment
regardless  of  fault.  And  this  led  to
more  dangerous  fights  due  to  everyone
just  going  for  it.  Saw  people  use
chairs,  cricket  bats,  and  anything  that
was  just  at  hand.  Getting  expelled  from
that  school  was  really  hard  as  it  was
the  last  chance  school  in  the  area.  And
after  that,  it  was  the  special  reform
school.
My  high  school  had  half  of  the  bathrooms
closed  off  at  all  times  because  they
feared  the  students  would  smoke.
A  girl  and  a  boy  couldn't  sit  together.
The  school  employed  disciplinarians  to
roam  around  the  school  and  monitor  this
activity.  If  found,  you'd  get  a
reprimand.  If  found  repeating  the
offense,  you  got  sent  to  the  principal's
office.  And  if  continuing,  then
eventually  it  escalated  to  the  parents.
My  parents  would  have  just  laughed  if  my
school  told  them  I  sat  next  to  a  girl.
[laughter]
We  can't  use  black  pens.  Why?
No  more  than  five  friends  could  hang  out
together  during  lunch.  Our  high  school
principal  was  trying  to  crack  down  on
gangs,  but  I  never  saw  a  single  teacher
enforce  the  rule.
No  backpacks  in  the  halls.  Oh  yeah,
because  carrying  all  of  our  books
between  classes  was  a  great  freaking
idea.  Plus,  hardly  any  time  between
classes  to  exchange  books  meant  carrying
multiple  classes  things  at  once.  Okay,
update.  Looks  like  this  is  the  norm  for
quite  a  few  people  in  school  districts.
Doesn't  make  the  rule  any  less  stupid.
But  to  be  fair,  it  depends  on  your
school.  My  middle  school  was  eight  or  so
classes  a  day  with  3  minutes  between
classes  in  a  large  school  where  classes
could  be  a  far  distance  away  from  your
locker.  My  high  school  was  four  classes
and  a  much  smaller  building.  But  my
friend's  high  school  was  similar  to  my
middle  school  situation.  I  don't  know.
We  had  the  option  of  having  backpacks
and  a  few  psychopaths  like  me  just
carried  all  of  their  books  for  every
class  around  all  day.  But  when  given  the
option,  most  people  just  used  their
lockers.  So  I  don't  imagine  it  would  be
devastating  if  that  rule  were
implemented  in  some  schools.  To  be
honest,  your  situation  in  middle  school
does  sound  a  bit  crazy,  though.  No
playing  on  the  mini  golf  course.  Due  to
the  school  having  mineral  rights  on  oil
land  in  the  mid70s,  our  school  system
had  huge  amounts  of  money.  One  thing
they  did  was  get  nine  concrete  animals
on  the  playground  for  miniature  golf.
These  looked  like  a  lot  of  fun  to  play
on  for  kids,  and  they  were  concrete,  so
they  were  indestructible.  They  took  up  a
third  of  the  absolute  center  of  the
playground.  We  couldn't  touch  them,  play
on  them,  or  get  anywhere  near  them.  In
PE,  we  broke  out  the  putters  one  time  in
all  of  grade  school.  A  few  years  later,
they  had  the  high  school  seniors  take
them  out  with  sledgehammers.
My  school  banned  backpacks  at  one  point.
To  protest,  boys  just  didn't  bring
anything  with  them  to  class,  and  girls
bought  really  big  purses.
The  $200  blazer  was  compulsory,  and  we
got  detention  every  single  day  until  we
got  it.  No  rubbing  linseed  oil  into  the
school  corrant.
No  beards.
If  we  spoke  our  native  language  instead
of  English,  we  had  to  pay  a  fine  of
about  30  to  40  cents.
Zero  tolerance  for  bullying.  The  faculty
were  the  worst  ones.  Too  many  double
standards.  They  had  no  problem  enforcing
it  when  a  student  was  doing  the
bullying,  but  did  absolutely  nothing  to
punish  the  teachers  when  they  did  it.
Gh.  Yeah.  Having  to  stand  and  take
punches  only  to  have  the  principal
inform  you  that  your  asalent  was  part  of
the  basketball  team.  So,  particularly
inconvenient  since  our  school  had  a
tradition  of  contract  hits  and  the
captain  of  the  basketball  team  decided
he  didn't  like  me.  So,  I  ended  up  with  a
few  junior  varsity  players  who  didn't
ride  my  bus  making  cameos.  The  one  time
he  actually  did  something  himself,  he
snatched  the  bill  out  of  my  hand  while  I
was  zoned  out  in  the  lunch  line.  I  could
have  popped  him  one  and  went  on  with  my
day,  but  nope.  I  had  to  follow  him  until
he  got  bored  of  the  attention.  Great
policy.  That's  zero  tolerance.
They  banned  dodgeball.  Oh  yeah,  me  too.
They  banned  soccer  once.
No  hats,  period.  Unless  you  were
devoutly  Jewish  or  Muslim  or  some  other
religion  that  required  it.  No  torn
pants,  skirts,  or  other  articles  of
clothing,  which  wasn't  enforced  at  all.
They  still  have  that  rule  today.  And  no
long  jackets  for  boys.  It  was  just  fine
for  girls.
School  added  thumbrint  scanners  at  gates
of  school,  which  counted  as
registration.  Needless  to  say,  I  just
walk  to  my  school,  scan  my  thumb,  and
walk  back  home  with  them  none  the  wiser.
Was  a  great  few  months  until  they
finally  noticed.  Wait,  months?
[clears throat]
We  weren't  allowed  to  wear  plain  red,
blue,  yellow,  or  white  teas  because  of
the  white  tea  song  and  the  idea  that
there  might  be  t-shirt  gangs.  A  second
one  was  named  after  my  crew.  A  second
rule  was  put  in  place  because  of  my
crew.  We  weren't  allowed  to  have  any
comic  or  anime  artwork  during  school
hours,  and  students  couldn't  exchange
money  with  each  other.  unless  the
teacher  approved.
Girls  can't  show  your  shoulders  or  above
the  fingertips  with  your  hands  straight
against  your  legs.  Boys  could  wear  tank
tops  with  holes  in  them  and  basketball
shorts.  And  girls  were  sent  home  if
their  damned  t-shirt  had  a  neck  hole  too
big.  Well,  shoulders  are  the  most
enticing  part  of  the  female  body.
School  I  went  to  once  had  a  policy
against  drinks  that  weren't  water.
Granted,  I  love  me  some  water,  but  it
sucks  not  to  be  able  to  have  a  nice
Gatorade  or  something  in  school  once  in
a  while.  Well,  until  I  just  bought  a
metal  water  bottle  and  circumvented  that
rule  pretty  quickly.
One-way  hallways.  Like,  just  let  me  get
to  class.  Who  gives  a  crap?  A  kind  of
candy  because  people  would  pretend  to
smoke  it.  I  don't  know  if  it's  dumb  or
funny,  though.  We  weren't  allowed  to
play  tag  or  football  at  lunch,  only
Frisbee.  When  I  asked  the  principal
about  what  the  difference  was,  he
responded  with  a  sarcastic  tone.  A
football  is  round  and  a  Frisbee  is  a
flat  disc.  He  left  the  school  later  that
year,  went  into  [clears throat]  another
school,  and  a  few  years  later  was
brought  up  on  charges  for  failing  to
report  the  mistreatment  of  a  student  by
a  teacher.  Great  guy.  In  elementary
school,  only  grade  five  or  six  to  grade
8  ate  in  the  lunchroom.  We'd  have  a
lunch  monitor  stand  at  one  end  of  the
cafeteria  watching  all  of  us  eat,  and
none  of  us  were  allowed  to  get  up.  The
only  reason  we  could  stand  up  was  to  go
to  the  washroom,  and  we'd  have  to  raise
our  hand  to  be  allowed  to  stand.  When
the  lunch  recess  bell  was  about  to  ring,
we'd  have  to  be  dismissed  table  by  table
to  throw  out  our  garbage  before  we
headed  out.  Conservative  Christian
College.  A  group  of  us  played  Age  of
Empires  one  weekend.  They  didn't  like  it
and  called  a  meeting.  Everyone  involved
got  misdemeanors  on  their  records.  There
was  nothing  in  the  handbook  about  it
being  against  the  rules.  The  only  person
that  didn't  get  any  punishment  was  the
son  of  the  president,  even  though  he  was
just  as  involved  as  the  rest  of  us.  It
was  quite  interesting  explaining  the
write  up  on  my  record  when  I
transferred.  Oh,  you  got  a  misdemeanor
for  what?  They  made  it  a  rule  after  the
fact  and  did  this  several  other  times
with  things  such  as  nail  polish  or  radio
control  helicopters.
No  fun  allowed.  I'm  surprised  you  didn't
show  yourself  converting  other  countries
infidel  soldiers  with  the  priests  in
that  game.  You  know  the  whole  yolo  I  owe
you  yolo.  Hey  presto,  look.  They're
Christians  or  Catholics  or  Lutherans  or
whatever  belief  the  school  was.  Always
had  to  have  your  shirt  tucked  in.  Not  a
uniform,  but  literally  just  any  casual
clothes  that  were  worn  to  school  had  to
be  tucked  in.  Basketball  shorts  and  tank
top  tucked  in  or  you  get  sent  home.
Jeans  and  long  sleeve  tucked.  So  goofy
and  authoritarian.  But  this  was  in  a
rural  school  in  the  South,  so  I'm  not
surprised.  I  was  a  rebellious
16-year-old  at  the  time,  and  it  teed  me
off  like  nothing  ever  has.
Everybody  had  to  eat  lunch  silently.  No
talking  on  Fridays.  So  developmentally
inappropriate  and  leading  to  more
talking  during  class  time.  Our  primary
school  had  this  for  a  while,  every
freaking  day  for  like  a  week  or  two,  and
then  they  stopped  it  because  no  one  was
following  the  rule.  This  was  circa  1994
through97.  No  hugging  like  at  all.  First
offense  was  a  writeup.  Second  was  a
detention.  [clears throat]
Third  was  inschool  suspension.
Locked  bathroom  doors  in  the  period
after  lunch.  You  should  have  gone  at
lunch  is  what  they'd  say.  Also  banned
duct  tape  accessories  when  that  was  a
trend.  They  said  that  it  was  a  gang
activity.  What?  Couldn't  play  tag
outside.  No  wearing  hats  inside.  No
trading  stuff  from  your  lunch.  This  was
all  at  my  elementary.
Early  80s  May.  Girls  in  minikrts.  Guys
in  running  shorts.  The  minikrt  issue  had
been  settled  by  the  courts  years  earlier
and  miniskirts  were  protected  by  law.
Principal  goes  to  a  conference  and  the
VP  bans  running  shorts  as  a  distraction.
So  [clears throat]  the  football  team
shows  up  in  miniskirts.  Legends.  I
almost  ended  up  hitting  on  the  middle
linebacker.  He  was  in  full  drag  and
looked  pretty  good  from  behind.  When
could  you  not  stop  laughing  at  the
world's  most  inappropriate  moment?
My  grandparents,  both  sets  of  them,
insisted  on  burying  my  parents  as
Catholic  for  their  funeral.  Little  did
they  know,  my  parents  hadn't  been
practicing  the  religion  since  they  moved
out  of  their  parents'  home.  They  hired  a
lady  who  was  singing  off-tune  Catholic
songs  so  loud  into  the  microphone  that
it  felt  like  a  drunk  karaoke  concert.
Everyone  probably  thought  I  was  shaking
from  crying  in  the  front  row  by  myself,
but  I  was  literally  laughing  so  hard
that  I  had  tears  streaming  down  my  face.
I  had  to  practically  choke  myself  to
keep  the  giggles  from  coming  out.  I
could  just  imagine  my  parents  sitting
next  to  me  going,  "What  the  freak  is
this?"  and  laughing  with  me.  It  was  a
very  inappropriate  time  to  laugh.  But
that  dang  lady  got  the  best  of  me.  Back
in  2004,  I  was  at  my  cousin's  funeral,
and  my  aunt  was  in  such  a  shocked  state
that  she  couldn't  stop  laughing.  She  was
known  to  do  this  at  funerals.  Because
laughing  is  contagious,  I  also  started
laughing  a  bit  and  I  had  to  go  to  the
back  of  the  church  and  to  the  bathroom
to  get  it  out  of  me.  There's  a  scene  in
the  movie  The  Pionist,  which  is  about  a
pretty  dark  period  and  place  in  history.
The  scene  is  where  a  woman  is  shot  in
the  street  and  her  body  folds  in  on
itself  as  she  falls  to  the  ground.  We
watched  that  movie  in  sophomore  year
English  class  after  reading  the  book
Night  by  Elliot  Wisel.  It  was  completely
silent  in  the  classroom  during  virtually
the  entire  film.  But  at  that  part  in
particular,  some  kid  just  kind  of  piped
up  from  the  back  of  the  class  in  the
silence  with  this  sad  disappointed  tone
in  his  voice  like  he  just  found  out  the
lunch  lady  was  out  of  chicken  nuggets.
Oh,  she  folded.  So  many  of  us  busted  out
laughing  and  it  was  completely
inappropriate  and  I  couldn't  help  it  at
all.  The  teacher  was  not  pleased.
I  heard  a  kid  break  wind  in  church
during  a  wedding.  I  had  to  remove  myself
because  I  couldn't  get  it  under  control.
It  was  one  of  those  loud  echo  of  the  old
wooden  pews  tootses.  The  acoustics  in
that  place  were  excellent.
I  was  at  church  for  my  grandfather's
fyear  death  anniversary  and  the  guy  was
singing  so  badly  my  grandma  and  I  were
almost  dying  from  laughter.
Held  up  a  cadaavver's  arm.  Forgot  the
arm  was  detached  to  the  body.  Raised  it
up.  Wondered  why  it  was  loose.  Panicked
that  I  detached  it.  dropped  it  on  the
floor  and  thought  the  professor  was
going  to  be  mad.  Hid  the  arm  under  a
gurnie  while  the  professor  was  staring
at  me  half  a  meter  behind.  I  turned
around,  looked  at  her,  and  laughed.
Worst  moment  ever.  My  dude,  you  just
gave  us  a  lot  of  questions  there  when
you  wrote  out  your  story  about  holding
up  dead  body  parts  without  any  sort  of
context.  Was  this  some  sort  of  mortician
school  or  something?  Imagine  just  saying
this  verbatim  in  a  conversation  with  a
similar  lack  of  context.  In  fact,  please
do  that,  please.  My  father  and  mother
went  to  a  funeral  of  one  of  my  mother's
aunts  that  she  wasn't  close  to.  In  fact,
my  father  had  never  met  her.  As  they
stood  at  the  open  casket,  my  father  said
to  my  mother,  "She  just  doesn't  look
like  herself."  Again,  my  father  had
never  seen  the  aunt  before.  For  whatever
reason,  this  struck  my  mother  as  very
funny,  and  she  started  laughing.  She
held  her  hands  to  her  face  and  ran  from
the  casket.  Her  sisters  saw  this  and
thought  she  was  distraught  and  followed
her  out  to  console  her.  That  was  where
my  mother  had  to  explain  that  she  was
laughing  and  not  crying  and  why  it
happened.  She  was  so  annoyed  at  my
father.  It  was  hilarious.
I  had  this  really  nice  but  really
awkward  physics  teacher  in  high  school.
He  was  a  large  man  but  spoke  with  a  lisp
and  a  very  soft  voice.  Imagine  the  guy
from  office  space  asking  for  his
stapler.  That's  how  he  sounded.  One  day
he  was  giving  his  lesson  and
mid-sentence  he  goes  from  his  voice  to
what  sounded  like  Satan  himself.  Okay
class,  please  take  out  your  books.
Excuse  [clears throat]
me.  Must  have  something  in  my  throat.
Then  he  continued  like  nothing  had
happened.  I  could  not,  for  the  life  of
me,  stop  freaking  laughing,  and  I  was
the  only  freaking  one.  It  was  the  most
bizarre  and  freaking  hilarious  thing
I've  ever  seen.  I  had  to  walk  out  of  the
class  to  catch  my  composure.  This  was  at
least  15  years  ago  now,  and  I'll  never
forget  it.
At  a  funeral,  the  pastor  kept  referring
to  God  as  the  great  comforter,  and  all  I
could  think  of  was  a  techy  bedspread
glowing  with  holy  light.  Every  time  he
said  it,  my  giggles  got  worse  to  the
point  where  I  had  to  pretend  I  was
crying  really  hard  and  left  to  hide  in
the  bathroom.
Visiting  my  grandmother's  grave  with  my
grandfather  for  the  first  time  a  few
years  ago.  I  expected  tears  and  a  solemn
day.  Instead,  we  passed  a  grave  marked
wonder,  and  my  grandfather  said,  "Well,
I  wonder  what  killed  her."  None  of  us
could  stop  laughing.  My  grandmother
would  have  loved  it,  to  be  fair.  My
friends  from  college  and  I  are  still
super  close,  even  15  years  later.
There's  an  inside  joke  involving  giving
people  a  specific  fake  name  that  we
always  laugh  about  when  we  get  together.
Last  week,  one  of  those  friends,  tried
not  to  be  alive  anymore.  We'll  call  him
John.  John's  brother,  another  of  the
close  friends,  called  me  and  told  me
that  Jon  had  tried  to  selfdee  and  that
he  was  at  the  hospital.  Then  he  tells  me
that  when  asked  for  identification  at
the  scene  of  the  attempt,  John  gave  the
paramedics  the  fake  name  from  college.
As  sad  as  I  was  about  what  had  happened,
I  burst  out  laughing  so  hard  when  he
told  me  that.  I  couldn't  help  it.  I'm
laughing  now  even  thinking  about  it.  All
of  the  other  members  of  the  group  had
the  same  reaction  when  John's  brother
called  them.  All  of  them.  We've  got  a
lake  of  fireside  property  in  hell.  Thank
you.  Last  year's  Thanksgiving,  right
before  the  meal,  we  all  stood  in  a  big
circle  and  said  a  prayer  and  what  we
were  thankful  for.  Well,  my  mom's  uncle.
I'll  refer  to  him  as  uncle.  His  name  is
[snorts]  Richard.  Yeah.  So,  we  called
him  Uncle  Rick.  You're  going  to  have  to
imagine  the  R  replaced  with  a  D  so  we
don't  risk  demonetization  on  the
channel.  When  we  all  stood  up,  it  was
revealed  that  Uncle  Rick  had  forgotten
to  zip  up  his  jeans  after  going  to  the
bathroom.  My  dad  and  I  were  directly
across  from  Uncle  Rick,  and  we  were
barely  keeping  from  bursting  out
laughing.  Then,  he  leaned  over  to  me  and
whispered,  "I'm  thankful  Uncle  Rick
remembered  to  put  on  fresh  underwear
this  morning."  About  halfway  through  the
meal,  we  were  still  laughing  about  it
when  grandma  came  over  to  yell  at  us  for
being  distracting.  She  basically  asked
what  we  were  laughing  at  in  a  not  so
nice  voice.  We  pointed  her  gaze  across
the  room,  and  she  couldn't  help  but
laugh  a  bit.  We  told  her  it  had  been
like  that  for  the  whole  meal.  The  way  we
had  set  the  tables  up  was  in  a  big
square  of  folding  banquet  tables  so  we
could  look  out  straight  ahead  of  us  at
Uncle  D,  I  mean  Rick's  boxes.
At  my  father's  funeral,  my  daughter  was
3  months  old  and  had  a  lot  of  belly
pain.  She  tooted  so  loudly  that  even  the
priest  needed  to  stop  talking  for  us  to
stop  laughing.  He  even  told  us  that  the
church  was  a  serious  place  and  if  we
couldn't  behave  to  get  out.  I  told  him
the  deceased  was  my  father  and  I
couldn't  control  my  daughter's  tootses.
Used  to  be  a  member  of  the  student
council  back  in  college  and  this  one
time  during  a  meeting  with  the  campus
dean  who  was  explaining  very  seriously
how  some  students  were  crapping  on  the
toilet  walls  and  throwing  a  literal
feces  on  the  ceiling  which  was  building
up  expenses  for  cleaning.  I  was  asked  to
give  ideas  on  how  to  tackle  the  issue
and  I  clearly  remember  trying  not  to
laugh  and  holding  it  in  perfectly.  But
then  as  I  made  eye  contact  with  a  friend
of  mine  in  the  council,  we  both  bust  out
laughing  to  the  point  where  our  stomachs
started  to  hurt,  which  led  to  other
members  of  the  council  laughing  out
loud.  It  was  the  first  time  meeting  the
campus  dean  as  well.  After  that,  anytime
I'd  see  him,  he'd  give  me  a  dirty  look.
In  school,  we  did  a  course  on  mythology
and  had  a  project  where  we  had  to  write
our  own  mythological  stories  for  the
creation  of  creatures  or  places,  stuff
like  that.  One  kid  wrote  a  story  about
how  a  man  was  being  mean  to  his  horse,
so  the  gods  cursed  him.  One  day,  his
horse  threw  him  onto  a  spear  which  went
through  the  back  of  his  head  and  down
his  forehead,  and  he  was  transformed
into  the  first  unicorn.  I  couldn't  stop
laughing  for  a  solid  5  minutes.  My
teacher  berated  me  for  laughing  at  the
violence,  but  the  kid  and  I  both  thought
that  was  funny  as  heck.
at  the  wake  for  the  grandma  of  my
honorary  sister  and  brother.  At  some
point,  the  old  biddies  from  her  church
decided  the  children  needed  to  come  up
and  say  goodbye  to  her  in  front  of  all
these  mourners,  none  of  whom  I  knew.
Also,  this  was  Eastern  Kentucky  where
everyone  knows  everyone  else.  So,
already  people  are  eyeing  me  up  trying
to  figure  out  who  the  freak  I  am  and  why
I'm  sitting  with  the  family.  Well,
before  I  realize  what's  happened,  the
two  of  them  have  marched  me  up  there
with  them  and  pinned  me  in  between  them.
I'm  awkward  in  the  best  of  situations
and  was  supremely  uncomfortable  at
funerals.  So,  this  was  already  my
personal  hell.  We  stood  there  and  stared
down  at  her  in  front  of  hundreds  of
people  as  this  somber  music  plays  and
the  priest  instructs  everyone  to  pray
for  us  as  we  say  our  last  goodbyes.
She's  wearing  this  double-  breasted
sailor  suit  kind  of  thing.  And  my  sister
and  I  are  making  quiet  comments  like,
"Well,  she  looks  nice."  When  all  of  a
sudden,  our  little  brother  blurts  out,
"Anchors  away,  old  girl."  in  a  perfect
British  mariner's  voice  and  freaking
salutes.  So,  my  sister  lets  out  a  long
drawn  out  gasp  of  what  the  freak  and  we
just  start  trembling  with  laughter.  We
can  hear  all  of  the  old  church  ladies
aing  because  it  looks  like  from  the  back
we're  overcome  with  grief.  As  soon  as
we're  able  to  control  ourselves,  we
essentially  frog  march  our  little
brother  down  the  aisle  with  our  heads
down  and  we  head  straight  out  the  door
to  the  car.  Honestly,  that  kid  is
freaking  hysterical.  Also,  I  should  have
worked  out  going  into  this  that  there
were  going  to  be  a  lot  of  funerals  in
this  video.  Probably  the  most  likely
event  for  deeply  inappropriate  hilarity
that  there  is.  And  thank  God  for  the
content.  Cheers  for  writing  in.  I  don't
know  if  there's  a  name  for  it,  but  when
I  get  really  nervous  or  scared,  I  start
to  laugh.  Like,  if  it's  bad  enough,
you'd  think  that  I  was  watching  the  best
scene  in  the  best  Three  Stooges  skit
ever  made.  So,  I  was  driving  down  the
interstate  when  I  saw  a  deer  bolt
across.  It  got  hit  by  a  car  in  the
oncoming  lane,  flew  like  a  ragd  doll  in
front  of  my  18-wheeler,  and  exploded.  I
don't  know  what  happened.  There  was  just
blood  everywhere.  It  looked  like  I'd
gone  in  a  rampage  in  GTA,  but  with  the
blood  physics  from  Mortal  Kombat.  I
pulled  over  to  inspect  the  damage.  Just
blood  and  bits  of  flesh  everywhere  and  a
cracked  and  bent  grill.  I  got  lucky,  so
I  filled  out  a  report  with  my  company
and  took  off  for  a  shop  to  see  about
fixing  the  grill  and  hopefully  for  a
truck  wash.  And  wouldn't  you  know  it,
there  was  an  open  weigh  station  just
ahead.  The  Department  of  Transportation
officer  comes  out  to  see  me  as  soon  as
I'm  in  sight  and  waved  me  over  to  the
inspection  area.  He  immediately  starts
laying  into  me  about  why  the  heck  the
front  of  my  truck  is  covered  in  blood.
And  I  am  just  laughing.  I  mean,  I
couldn't  get  a  single  word  out.  Every
time  I  tried  to  say  something,  I  got  a
few  words  in  and  then  just  couldn't
start  again  because  of  the  hysterics.
Finally,  his  partner  started  inspecting
the  truck  and  found  a  piece  of  hoof.  I
finally  managed  to  calm  down  enough  to
talk  and  we  got  it  all  sorted.  Luckily,
the  DOT  officer  was  having  a  good  day
because  he  decided  not  to  write  me  a
ticket  and  let  me  use  their  water  hose
that  they  had  on  site  to  wash  most  of
the  worst  off  before  I  took  it  to  a  shop
to  repair  the  grill.  You  can  submit  your
own  stories  to  be  featured  here  on  the
channel.  The  story  submission  link  is  in
the  description  below.  And  if  you  want
to  listen  to  some  vibe  music  in  the
background,  check  out  Easy  Mode,  also
linked  below,  and  subscribe.
When  I  was  a  secondyear  law  student,  I
had  a  classmate  abruptly  get  up  mid-
lecture  and  waddle  quickly  out  of  the
lecture  hall.  There  were  about  90
students  in  the  lecture,  and  in  law
school,  the  academic  approach  is  the
Socratic  method,  which  is  usually  the
professor  and  one  student  going  one  for
one  during  the  course  of  a  lecture  or
class.  The  guy  comes  back  into  the
classroom  and  the  professor  abruptly
halts  his  current  line  of  questioning
with  another  student.  In  front  of  the
class,  the  professor  asks  the  returning
student,  "Is  everything  okay?"  The
student  responds,  "Bad  Chipotle."  and
walks  back  to  his  seat.  I  spent  the  rest
of  the  lecture  period  giggling  through
the  professor  grilling  students  about
family  law.  In  short,  a  classmate  in  law
school  has  an  explosive  bout  with
Chipotle  that  makes  him  duck  run  to  the
bathroom  in  the  middle  of  a  lecture.
In  high  school,  there  was  three  religion
courses  you  could  pick.  Catholic,
evangelical,  I'm  told  that's  Protestant
in  British,  or  neutral.  You'd  have
different  topics  in  class  and  different
destinations  on  the  yearly  trip.  I
picked  Catholic,  and  on  the  yearly  trip,
we  went  to  a  monastery.  On  the  third
day,  one  of  the  exercises  was  to  talk
about  death.  So,  there  were  20  kids  in  a
circle  of  chairs,  and  everyone  was
crying  because  everyone  lost  a  loved  one
at  some  point,  and  death  is  a  hard
topic.  The  teacher  starts  talking  about
how  she  imagines  death  to  be  like  and
begins  to  tell,  "I  imagine  after  dying
there  has  to  be  a  long,  long  spiral
staircase  and  you  go  down  and  down  until
there's  a  door  and  behind  that  door,  the
rest  I  didn't  hear  because  my  friend
next  to  me  whispers,  "A  mother  freaking
kebab  stand."  We  both  sat  there  giggling
for  like  20  more  minutes  until  the
meeting  was  over.  To  this  day,  I  feel
really  bad.  I  was  sat  at  dinner  with
friends  this  one  week  and  one  of  the
kiddos  was  saying  that  they  had  extra
stomachs  for  some  particular  food.
started  talking  about  how  cows  had  extra
stomachs.  Then  somehow  it  got  to
comparing  humans  and  cows,  and  one  of
them  said  in  the  brightest,  most  angelic
little  voice,  "But  mom  doesn't  have
udders."  I  had  made  the  mistake  at
glancing  at  her  husband,  and  I  swear  the
filthy  twinkle  in  his  eye  was  audible.
Thank  that  I  have  long  hair.  I  dropped
my  head  down  to  look  at  my  plate,  so  my
hair  covered  my  expression,  and  I  sat
there  with  my  shoulders  shaking
violently.  He  asked  in  a  rather  amused
voice  if  it  was  okay  as  I  appeared  to  be
vibrating.  I  couldn't  freaking  breathe.
My  granddad  had,  if  you  don't  know  me  by
now,  played  as  the  curtains  closed  at
his  funeral.  I  shouldn't  have  laughed.  I
couldn't  help  it.  What  a  legend.  See,  my
dad  had  Queens  Another  One  Bites  the
Dust  on  the  Way  In  and  Meatloaf's  Bad
Out  of  Hell  on  the  Way  Out.  He  was  a
character.
Some  older  kid  at  my  school  ended  up  in
a  coma  after  taking  N2O.  I  think  he
ended  up  dying,  so  it's  a  pretty  dark
story.  One  of  the  principles  came  into
an  assembly  and  angrily  declared,
"Nitrous  oxide  is  no  laughing  matter."  I
think  most  of  us  were  too  young  to  know
that  nitrous  oxide  is  laughing  gas.  But
for  some  reason,  I  knew  everyone  was  so
silent  and  scared  of  the  angry  teacher,
and  I  was  just  sitting  there  trying  not
to  laugh  audibly.  My  senior  year  of  high
school,  I  went  to  this  memorial
breakfast  with  my  principal  and  a  few
other  seniors  because  my  principal  was
begging  a  few  of  us  to  go,  and  hey,  free
breakfast.  So,  getting  to  the  end,  this
woman  starts  singing  an  incredibly
moving  song  and  she's  doing  it
beautifully.  But  I  look  over  at  my
principal  and  he  just  looks  so  dead.
Like  his  face  was  completely  blank.  And
because  I  also  don't  deal  well  with
emotion  apparently,  I  thought  it  was  the
funniest  thing  ever.  So,  while  this  lady
was  singing  and  some  people  are  crying,
I'm  losing  my  mind  and  trying  so  hard  to
stop  laughing  and  I  just  can't.  My
friends  thought  that  I  was  having  a
complete  mental  breakdown,  like  I'd
finally  lost  my  mind  or  something.  I
felt  absolutely  horrible  about  it  and
ducked  out  as  soon  as  I  could.  When  I
worked  with  a  financial  adviser,  he
misspoke  and  asked  me  to  check  a
client's  investment  in  black
[clears throat]
word  for  rooster  beginning  with  C
instead  of  black  rock,  an  industry  fund.
He  didn't  realize  what  it  said,  and  he
was  super  big  on  maintaining  a
professional,  humilous  working
environment,  so  I  couldn't  even  point  it
out.  I  managed  to  keep  a  straight  face
long  enough  to  excuse  myself  and  then
spent  15  minutes  wheezing  in  the  spare
office.  When  I  was  17,  I  worked  at  an
Ace  Hardware.  I  found  a  guy  looking  at
construction  adhesives  and  sealants  with
the  most  confused  look  on  his  face.  So,
I  asked  him  what  was  up.  To  clarify
something,  the  thing  he  was  asking  for
is  spelled  C  A  U  L  K.  I'm  looking  for
caulk.  It  needs  to  be  black  and  I  need
it  to  stay  hard.  I'm  really  trying  to
hold  it  together  right  now.  One  minute,
sir,  while  I  find  the  guy  that  works  in
that  department.  I  ran  off  to  find  the
guy  that  knew  Kulking  and  bring  him
back,  introducing  him  to  the  customer  as
our  resident  caulk  expert,  and  the
customer  nods  at  him  approvingly.  I  then
escape  to  the  break  room  where  I'm  dying
laughing  trying  to  blubber  explain
something  about  hard  black  caulk  to  my
other  coworker.  You  people  are  so
immature  you'll  laugh  at  anything.  H  I'm
hungry.  Maybe  I  should  take  a  break.  Not
sure  what  I'll  eat,  though.  Maybe  some
peanuts.  Nothing  I  like  more  in  my  mouth
than  some  peanuts.  Then  I  can  go
practice  my  piano  and  before  you  know
it,  this  channel  will  have  its  very  own
pianist  in  its  hands.  Nothing  you  can't
do  with  a  mouthful  of  peanuts  and  a
spare  pianist  in  your  back  pocket.  On
the  best  date  of  my  life,  I  went  to  see
a  really  stupid  movie  called  A  Walk  to
Remember  with  my  first  girlfriend.  We
were  sitting  in  the  fourth  to  fifth  row
from  the  screen  and  two  rows  ahead  of  us
were  a  group  of  younger  girls.  One  of
them  was  rushing  back  to  her  seat  with
her  friends  and  she  slips  and  falls.  It
was  a  nasty  fall,  too.  And  even  though  I
felt  bad  for  her,  I  couldn't  stop
laughing.  It  was  awful.  I  don't  know  why
I  couldn't  [clears throat]  stop.  And  I
was  even  like,  "God,  I  know  I  shouldn't
laugh,  but  it's  just  making  me  laugh
harder."  It  took  me  at least  10  minutes
to  stop.  Girl  who  fell,  I  know  you're
out  there  somewhere.  I  hope  my  laughing
didn't  make  you  feel  bad.  To  this  day,  I
still  don't  really  understand  why  it  was
so  funny  to  me.  I  was  in  a  local  support
group  for  friends  and  relatives  of
people  with  bipolar  disorder.  One  person
was  relating  the  story  of  her  older
teenage  daughter  who,  in  a  manic
episode,  grabbed  a  flashlight  and  took
it  upon  herself  to  stand  in  a  downtown
intersection  and  direct  traffic  until
she  was  picked  up  by  the  cops  and  taken
to  the  hospital.  I  kind  of  covered  my
mouth  and  pretended  I  was  having  a
coughing  fit  and  excused  myself  to  go  to
the  restroom.
High  school  English  class,  which  was
first  period.  A  few  days  before,  I  got
in  trouble  for  sleeping  and  coming  in
late.  My  teacher  called  me  a  hibernating
bear,  which  I  found  funny.  A  few  days
later,  we  were  doing  oral  book  reports
and  this  one  kid  with  a  stutter  was
doing  his.  The  class  was  being  patient
with  him,  but  he  was  struggling  a  lot.
Then  he  gets  to  a  point  in  his  book
where  he  talks  about  a  bear.  That
reminded  me  of  how  just  a  few  days
before  I  was  called  a  bear  and  how  funny
I  thought  that  was.  So,  I  busted  up
laughing.  I  wasn't  laughing  at  him  for
stuttering.  I  was  laughing  at  being
reminded  of  being  called  a  bear  myself.
However,  I  realized  that's  exactly  what
it  looked  like.  The  entire  class  gasped
at  me  in  horror.  I  didn't  even  try  to
defend  myself,  but  I  do  promise  it
wasn't  directed  at  him.  It  was  at  being
called  a  bear  myself.
My  mom's  funeral  service.  It  was  just  at
the  funeral  home,  but  we  had  a  priest
since  my  parents  are  Catholic.  My  dad  is
severely  disabled,  so  he  was  only
brought  in  for  the  actual  service  part
of  the  whole  shebang.  We  had  calling
hours  first  and  then  a  15-minute  service
as  it  would  have  been  too  much  for  my
dad  to  have  longer.  So,  my  dad  was
sobbing,  which  was  really  hard,  and  the
priest  was  very  kind  and  comforting  him
before  the  service.  I  stood  next  to  my
dad's  stretcher  and  held  his  hand.  Then
the  service  started.  Anyone  remember
those  old  FedEx  or  Micro  Machines
commercials?  I  think  he  retired  and
became  a  priest.  In  the  name  of  the
Father  and  the  Son  and  the  Holy  Spirit,
we  bless  this  woman.  It  looked  like  I
was  crying  for  my  departed  mother,  but  I
was  biting  my  cheeks  so  hard  to  keep
from  laughing  that  the  tears  started.  I
had  to  walk  outside  right  afterwards  so
I  could  let  it  all  out  because  I
couldn't  hold  it  in  anymore.  Before  my
dad's  brain  injury,  he  would  have  been
right  outside  laughing  with  me.  In  my
school,  my  geography  teacher  was
notorious  for  scolding  students  in  the
most  creative  language.  And  while  one  of
my  friends  was  getting  scolded,  I  think
the  teacher  said  something  about  Shrek's
donkey  having  more  brains  or  something,
I  couldn't  control  my  laughter  and  drank
water  to  choke  and  cough  so  that  I
didn't  get  scolded  for  laughing.  When  my
grandfather  was  dying,  he'd  do  a  lot  of
dark  humor  that  he  and  I  found
hilarious.  Just  silly  stuff.  Well,  the
inevitable  happened  and  he  passed  away
and  was  cremated.  His  ashes  were  put  in
a  box  and  that  box  was  put  in  a  Marks
and  Spencer's  bag.  So  my  aunt  turns  up
to  the  plot  and  people  are  crying  and  I
swear  I  hear  my  grandpa  say  that  better
not  have  left  me  on  the  kitchen  table
and  I  lost  it.  I  couldn't  stop  laughing.
I  could  see  in  my  mind's  eye  someone
opening  the  bag  and  grandpa  just  being
in  there.  I  just  couldn't  stop  laughing.
My  mom  kind  of  got  it  when  I  explained
as  she  knew  that  was  something  he'd  say.
a  guy  on  the  train  in  visible  pain  after
an  exclamation  of  oh  god  from  inhaling
my  poison  butt  gas  and  I  can't  control
myself  as  he's  gagging  even  off  the
train  I  continue  to  lose  my  composure
and  choke  out  unexpected  laughter  even
years  later  I  still  do  oh  god  my
professor  was  very  solemnly  telling  us
during  an  emotional  discussion  about
when  he  watched  the  north  tower  fall  on
September  11th  I  was  so  horrified  that  I
started  laughing  I  physically  couldn't
stop  and  my  eyes  were  begging  for  help.
I  laugh  uncontrollably  when  I'm
uncomfortable,  and  this  was  one  of  my
worst  moments  when  a  police  officer
asked  15-year-old  me  if  I'd  ordered
substances  from  somewhere,  and  I  had  to
grin  the  whole  time  despite  being
innocent.  When  we  moved,  we  suddenly  got
a  package  with  some  pills  and  some
powder  in  the  mail  to  my  name.  I  brought
it  to  the  police  and  it  tested  positive
for  whatever  it  was.  So,  I  had  to  go  and
get  substance  tested.  And  before  that,  I
got  asked  by  this  really  scary  looking
bald  guy  with  scars  on  his  head  if  they
were  in  fact  mine.  And  I  just  started  to
grin  and  laugh  while  denying  it.  I
obviously  tested  negative  and  I  was
allowed  to  go  back  home.  Well,  it  turns
out  that  someone  at  our  old  home  that
knew  we  moved  out  ordered  them  to  our
old  empty  mailbox,  but  we  had  made  a
thing  that  everyone  addressed  there  and
got  relocated  to  the  new  address,  so  it
landed  with  us.  What  are  the  grossest
conditions  a  health  inspector  found  at  a
restaurant?
Former  health  inspector  here  and  current
third-p  party  food  safety  auditor.  A  few
things  come  to  mind.  First  was  a  grocery
store  so  infested  with  rodents  that  an
entire  group  of  them  was  living  in  the
dairy  cooler.  You  know,  there  had  to  be
a  lot  of  them  in  the  store  if  some  of
them  were  resorting  to  living  in  a  cold
room.  There  was  also  a  Chinese
restaurant  getting  ready  to  open  for
lunch.  I  walked  in  and  temperature
checked  the  items  in  the  walk-in  cooler.
All  of  them  were  well  above  acceptable
temperatures.  The  cooler  had  broken  down
in  the  night  and  it  was  no  longer
functioning.  They  wanted  to  serve  the
food  anyway.  I  had  to  embargo  the  entire
cooler  worth  of  food  and  stand  there  as
they  filled  trash  bag  after  trash  bag
with  meat  and  took  it  to  the  dumpster.
As  I  was  leaving  the  location,  I  drove
around  to  the  back  and  they  had
employees  pulling  it  all  out  of  the
trash  and  dragging  it  straight  back  into
the  building.  I  had  to  stop  them,  make
them  return  it  to  the  dumpster  and  pour
straight  bleach  all  over  the  food  to
ensure  it  couldn't  be  used.  There  was
also  a  restaurant  so  infested  with
cockroaches  that  when  the  manager
greeted  me  at  the  host  stand  to  take  me
to  the  kitchen,  he  had  a  roach  crawl
across  his  back  right  in  front  of  me.
And  finally,  I  observed  people  smoking
in  the  kitchens  and  in  the  meat
departments  of  grocery  stores.  Also
observed  people  using  chewing  tobacco
and  keeping  their  spit  cups  on  the  food
preparation  services.  Most  of  the  stuff
we  think  is  disgusting  isn't  necessarily
what  the  general  public  would  even
notice.  A  lot  revolves  around
handwashing.  If  you  really  watch  someone
during  food  prep  and  see  all  of  the
things  they  touch  and  then  attempt  to
handle  ready  to  eat  foods,  it's
disgusting.  People  just  don't  even  think
about  handwashing  like  they  should.  My
friend  in  school  talked  about  how  trash
the  place  he  worked  at  was.  He  said
stuff  like,  "If  someone  dropped  a  slice
of  pizza,  they'd  pick  it  up  and  just
serve  it  to  the  next  guy.  They'd  do  this
with  all  their  food.  The  restaurant  part
is  fancy,  but  the  kitchen  was  a  mess  and
nobody  really  cleaned  it.  How  are  they
still  in  business?  Well,  when  the  first
health  inspector  comes,  they'll  fail  and
they  have  a  certain  amount  of  time  to
correct  it.  Then  the  supervisor  of  the
inspectors  comes  in,  who's  a  good  friend
with  the  restaurant  owner,  and  he  passes
the  restaurant  either  way.  Oh,  this
isn't  even  my  worst,  but  I  never  ate
there  after  this.  My  first  weekend  in
Canada,  I  went  into  Popeye's  because  who
doesn't  like  mashed  potatoes?  They  were
cleaning  when  I  walked  in  and  there  was
a  guy  with  a  pressurized  hose  blasting
the  floor  and  the  water  was  spraying
everywhere.  That  fine  mist  of  gray  floor
water  could  be  seen  coating  the  food
waiting  in  the  pass.  The  prep  tables
everywhere  in  that  tiny  space  was  just
getting  blasted  with  floor  goop.  Some
restaurant  near  me  got  shut  down  because
they  had  freshly  severed  goat  heads  in
the  refrigerator.  They  didn't  serve
goat.  Huh.  Hail  Satan,  I  guess.  Well,
that  cult  had  to  go  and  find  another
venue  afterwards.  I  hope  you're  happy.  I
worked  at  a  McDonald's  that  was  just
about  to  get  rebuilt  and  had  just
narrowly  passed  inspection.  What  does
this  mean?  The  owner  doesn't  want  to
replace  anything  because  the  store  is
about  to  get  torn  down.  So,  the  whole
place  just  went  to  crap.  A  drunk  person
flushed  a  pair  of  underwear  in  the
bathroom  and  clogged  the  sewage  once,
causing  all  manner  of  awful  things  to
come  up  through  the  drains  in  the
kitchen  and  the  stock  rooms.  We  still
served  food.  Then  the  stock  room  where
we  kept  a  lot  of  food  items  had  a
ceiling  cave  in  and  fiberglass
insulation  was  dangling  less  than  a  foot
away  from  food  products  on  shelves.  We
were  regularly  pulling  trash  cans  from
the  lobby  and  kitchen  anytime  it  rained
to  help  contain  the  water  from  the  leaks
in  the  ceiling  back  in  the  stock  room.  I
left  last  November.  The  store  doesn't
get  torn  down  for  another  month,  so  I
can  only  imagine  how  crappy  it  is  now.  I
didn't  know  Silent  Hill  had  a
McDonald's.
I  was  a  tradesman  working  on  a  hotel  in
a  fine  city  in  Alberta.  The  reason  I  was
working  on  it  was  because  a  new  owner
was  renovating  and  updating  the  hotel.
Their  restaurant  had  a  salad  bar.  Every
single  member  of  the  kitchen  staff  got
fired  when  the  new  owner  discovered  that
the  salad  bar  hadn't  been  cleaned  or
sterilized  in  months.  They  just  kept
adding  more  food  on  top  of  the  old
stuff.  Not  an  inspector,  but  a  cook.  One
very  popular  local  restaurant  has  the
worst  roach  infestation  ever.  If  you
picked  up  the  ticket  printer  and  tapped
it  on  the  table,  you  would  have  40  to  60
baby  roaches  just  scatter.  Roaches
everywhere.  They'd  fall  from  the  ceiling
or  crawl  onto  the  plates  of  food  before
the  server  could  take  it  out.  It  was  the
most  disgusting  place.  I  quit  and  it's
still  super  popular  and  still  buggy.
That  reminds  me  of  mine.  I  used  to
inspect  fire  alarms  for  grocery  stores
and  we  had  to  open  the  hoods  above  the
grills  to  check  the  fire  suppression
system.  As  soon  as  I  pulled  the  panel
off,  dead  crickets  started  pouring  down.
Thousands  of  them.  I  wasn't  really  sure
what  to  do  at  that  point  because  I'm  an
alarm  technician,  not  a  health
inspector.  So,  I  verified  that  the  alarm
switch  worked  and  put  everything  aside
from  the  mountain  of  crickets,  now  on
the  kitchen  floor  back  where  I  found  it,
and  told  the  manager  they  should  hire  an
exterminator.  The  same  store  also  had  a
Black  Widow  infestation  in  one  of  their
utility  sheds.  One  of  the  news  channels
where  I  live  does  a  weekly  segment
called  Restaurant  Report  Card.  It  shows
the  good  and  bad  DHEC  reports  of  the
week.  There  was  one  Chinese  restaurant
that  had  live  chickens  in  the  kitchen.
There  was  an  article  a  few  years  ago
about  a  Chinese  restaurant  in  New  York
City  who  was  doing  some  kind  of  cooking
in  a  back  alley  and  the  neighbors
noticed.  Hey,  Prosperity  Dumpling.  Damn,
that  place  was  tasty  though.  Tiny  hole
in  the  wall.  You  could  get  five
dumplings  for  a  buck.  The  place  that
replaced  it,  East  Dumpling,  reduced  the
offer  to  three  for  a  buck.  Guess  that's
the  price  of  Fancy  Pants  so-called
ratree  dining.
Not  a  health  inspector,  but  when  I
worked  at  Subway,  we  caught  a  co-orker
doing  something  inappropriate.  My
manager  had  to  look  at  a  camera  for  some
unrelated  reason.  He  was  skipping
forward  and  accidentally  went  too  far
forward.  He  noticed  that  worker  putting
a  bin  of  tuna  on  the  floor,  and  he  keeps
looking  at  the  tape.  The  worker  pulls
his  pants  down  and  proceeds  to  enter  the
bin  of  tuna.  He  makes  sweet,  sweet  love
to  those  fish,  finishes  up,  goes  into
the  bathroom  to  clean  off,  proceeds  to
smooth  out  the  bin  of  tuna,  wraps  it  up,
and  puts  it  back  in  the  fridge.  My
manager  immediately  has  me  throw  out  the
tuna  and  make  more.  Needless  to  say,
that  guy  was  fired.  And  while  this  was
20  years  ago,  I  still  can't  eat  tuna
that  I  didn't  make  or  see  being  made.  My
mom  used  to  be  a  health  inspector.  A  bar
had  a  bear  ch  [laughter]
A  bar  had  a  bear  chained  outside  and  the
owners  would  bring  it  inside  to  hang  out
with  the  patrons  sometimes.
Walked  into  a  Mexican  restaurant  one
time  and  saw  some  lady  soaking  some
tripe  in  a  mop  sink.  I  saw  that  and  told
them  to  throw  it  all  in  the  dumpster  and
bleach  it  in  front  of  me.  My  boss  had
seen  a  restaurant  defrosting  raw  shrimp
in  a  mop  sink  with  the  mop  draped  over
the  faucet.  My  other  coworker  had  to
work  a  foul  odor  complaint  where  this
Chinese  buffet  was  closed  for  about  a
week  without  utilities.  He  walked  in  and
found  the  food  was  still  in  the  buffet
line.  He  said  the  stench  was  so  rotten
that  he  immediately  threw  up  upon
opening  the  door.  That  food  was  stewing
in  its  own  juices  for  a  week  in  the
Texas  summer  heat.  Those  are  the  worst
ones  that  I  can  think  of.  Not  a  health
inspector,  but  I  do  deliver  beer,  so  I
see  the  backs  of  many  restaurants  on  a
day-to-day  basis  as  we're  dropping  off
product  in  their  storage  areas.  The
worst  was  a  buffet  that  had  an
inescapable  smell  of  hot  rotten  milk.
Not  sure  how  I  even  know  what  that
smells  like,  but  it  was  like  they  had
been  microwaving  rotten  milk  for  about
an  hour  and  left  it  somewhere.  I  had  to
leave  the  delivery.  My  co-orker  was  sick
with  a  stuffy  nose  and  did  it  for  me  as
I  gagged  outside.  Talked  to  a  couple  of
co-workers  later  that  week  and  they
agreed  that  place  always  has  a  very
weird  aroma.
I  worked  at  an  ice  cream  shop  when  I  was
15.  My  boss  found  a  mini  fridge  in  an
abandoned  closed  down  elderly  home.
There  was  still  food  in  there  with
cottage  cheese  that  expired  3  years
prior  to  me  opening  it.  She  gave  me  two
bottles  of  bleach  and  said,  "Go  to
town."  Now,  I  pleaded  with  her  not  to
keep  the  fridge.  Not  because  I  had  to  do
the  Charlie  work  on  it,  but  because  it
was  freaking  nasty,  even  if  we  did  get
rid  of  that  mold  that  was  literally
eating  the  plastic  interior  of  the
fridge,  I  didn't  feel  right  putting  the
food  in  there  and  selling  that  food  to
the  customers.  I  cleaned  it  anyway  and
put  it  out  on  the  floor,  but  refused  to
put  stuff  in  there.  When  people  put
stuff  in  it,  I'd  throw  it  away  or  move
it,  depending  on  what  it  was.  I  also  had
to  negotiate  with  my  boss  on  how  often
she'd  let  me  clean  the  fry  later  grease.
I  wanted  to  do  it  once  a  day,  but  ended
up  only  getting  a  once  a  week  approval,
which  was  better  than  once  a  season  like
she  had  been  doing  it.  To  make  everyone
feel  better,  I  used  to  work  at  Costco,
and  that  place  was  really  clean.  The  ice
cream  machine  was  dismantled  and  cleaned
at least  every  week.  It  took  2  hours
each  time.  The  fryer  was  emptied  and
cleaned  every  day.  In  the  food  court
would  spend  hours  on  cleaning  alone.  The
meat  department  was  hosed  down  with
disinfectant  and  scrubbed  every  day.
Someone  was  hired  just  to  clean  the
bakery  department  during  the  evening.
The  health  inspector  was  seen  shopping
there  a  couple  of  times,  which  I  think
is  good  news,  right?  I  may  not  have  a
great  experience  working  there,  but  I
know  it's  clean.  Your  story  of
healthiness  and  hygiene  has  no  place  in
this  video.  Go  back  into  the  sanitary
abyss  from  whence  you  came.  I  cast  you
out.
I  worked  for  a  company  that  had  a
lunchroom  with  an  older  woman  who  cooked
our  breakfast  and  lunch.  I  think  she  was
a  friend  of  the  owners.  She'd  bring  in  a
daily  special  like  chili,  but  also  made
sandwiches  and  whatnot.  We  had  out  of
town  customers,  and  when  lunchtime  came
around,  the  secretaries  would  set  up
lunch  in  a  conference  room  by  the
lunchroom,  and  the  lady  would  make
something  special  just  for  them.  So,  I
was  taking  away  plates  after  those
people  had  eaten  and  bringing  them  to
the  lunchroom  for  lunch  lady  to  load  the
dishwasher.  Now,  not  everyone  had
finished  their  meals.  It  was  chicken  and
rice  this  day.  It  was  rather  late  and  I
had  an  employee  come  in  asking  her  to
make  him  something.  I  was  going  back  and
forth  doing  my  thing  and  I  see  her
scrape  the  leftover  food  back  into  the
pot  from  several  plates.  I  ask  the  guy
who  was  reading  something,  so  not
looking  at  her,  if  he  wants  chicken  and
rice.  He  says,  "Sure."  And  she  makes  him
a  plate  of  leftover  food  that  she  had
scraped  off  the  plates  I  gave  her.  I
know  I  should  have  said  something,  but  I
just  noped  out  of  there  real  quick.  It
bothered  the  heck  out  of  me,  so  I
confessed  to  a  coworker  and  she  thought,
"You  have  to  tell  the  boss."  I  did.  It
escalated  to  the  owners  and  the  lunch
lady  was  fired.  My  mother  briefly  became
the  head  of  the  health  inspection  for
our  county.  I  recall  two  good  stories.
First,  she  noted  that  even  though  there
were  many  violations,  there  seemed  to  be
no  punishment  from  the  departments  for
restaurants  that  forced  them  to  fix
these  things  except  for  new  restaurants.
She  asked  why,  and  their  response  was
that  these  restaurant  owners  are  our
friends.  if  we  punish  them  or  find  them
or  send  out  a  violation  notice,  they
might  not  like  us  anymore.  She  tried  to
fix  that,  but  as  you'll  see  later,  she
ended  up  quitting  prematurely.  There  was
this  guy,  an  old  dude  who  was  quote
close  to  retirement.  He  was  a  crap  stain
on  society.  He  was  verbally  toxic  and
creepy  to  the  lower  level  inspectors,
not  to  my  mother,  who  is  well  matronly.
What  she  did  do  was  fire  his  butt,  but
the  county  board  rehired  him  since  he
was  apparently  close  to  retirement.
After  he  attacked  some  of  the  women  in
the  office,  she  fired  him  again.  This
was  like  month  two  of  the  job.  And  then
five  people  on  the  county  board  and  her
all  had  flat  tires  the  same  day,  and
they  discovered  that  each  of  them  had  a
box  of  nails  emptied  at  the  bottom  of
their  driveway.  So,  the  county  board
rehired  the  guy  again,  and  naturally,
she  quit.  You  can  submit  your  own
stories  to  be  featured  here  on  the
channel.  The  story  submission  link  is  in
the  description  below.  And  if  you  want
to  listen  to  some  vibe  music  in  the
background,  check  out  Easy  Mode,  also
linked  below  and  subscribe.
Health  inspector  here.  I  just  shut  down
a  place  due  to  a  severe  cockroach
infestation.  I  also  shut  down  a
restaurant  a  while  back  as  there  was  a
severe  rodent  problem.  I'm  talking
droppings  everywhere  in  the  utensil
bins,  on  the  food  prep  surfaces,  just
everywhere.  Owners  were  brushing  it
aside  as  they  worked.  Live  mice  stuck  to
glue  traps  under  the  sinks.  And  there
was  one  other  place  with  a  rodent
infestation.  The  owner  just  left
cardboard  boxes  of  open  poison
throughout  the  restaurant.  Although  we
can  order  a  place  closed.  It  doesn't
happen  that  often.  We  try  to  educate
first  and  work  with  the  operators.
Having  said  that,  sometimes  a  ticket  or
a  closure  order  is  the  only  thing  that
will  work.  Most  places  I  inspect  are
pretty  decent.  A  lot  of  what  we  see  is  a
lack  of  safe  food  handling  procedures
and  handwashing.  You  know,  like
preparing  raw  chickens  with  gloves  on
and  then  placing  the  gloved  hands  right
into  the  flour.  Tossing  the  chicken,
touching  sink  taps,  cooler  doors,  and
stuff  with  no  hand  washing.  Also,
cultural  backgrounds  and  the  way  the
food  was  prepared  back  home  might  not
meet  the  standards  in  Canada.  We  also
inspect  personal  services,  nail  salons,
tattoo  shops  and  stuff,  drinking  water
system,  and  private  septic  systems  and
pools.
I'm  not  a  health  inspector,  but  I  worked
at  a  restaurant  that  was  barely  skirting
by  on  the  inspections.  We  had  a  big
roach  problem,  but  we  did  a  good  job  of
keeping  them  out  of  the  actual  food,
which  I  guess  is  the  big  thing  they  look
out  for  with  health  inspections.  The
most  egregious  issue,  though,  was  the
time  I  was  making  milkshakes  and
accidentally  cut  my  arm  on  the  metal
counter.  Well,  I  didn't  notice  how  bad
the  cut  was  until  I  saw  blood  in  the  ice
cream  tub.  Being  a  responsible  person,  I
go  to  throw  the  ice  cream  out  when  the
manager  interrupts  me,  saying  I  should
use  the  first  aid  kit,  and  they'll  take
care  of  the  ice  cream.  Well,  I  came  back
to  the  same  tub  of  ice  cream,  returned
to  the  freezer,  but  the  blood  scraped
out  of  it.  They  had  kept  using  the  ice
cream.  I  want  to  clarify  that  they
scraped  the  blood  out  before  continuing
to  use  it,  so  they  didn't  technically
serve  my  blood  directly  to  people,  but
there  were  probably  still  trace  amounts.
I  was  in  the  training  program  to  be  a
state  health  inspector  after  I  graduated
college.  The  majority  of  inspections
weren't  memorable,  and  small  stuff  got
written  up,  like  temps  being  too  low  or
high,  not  having  gloves  accessible,
storing  meat  boxes  on  the  ground,  stuff
like  that.  The  two  inspections  that  I
remember  being  horrible  were  both  at
low-end  Chinese  restaurants  in  strip
malls.  In  one  inspection,  the  walk  chef
had  an  overflowing  ashtray  right  next  to
the  meat  bins.  Rodent  droppings,  piles
of  dead  flies  behind  the  range,  open
doors  to  the  outside.  It  was  just  nasty.
We  also  had  to  check  the  soda  machines
and  their  hoses.  The  soda  line  at  one
place  was  so  caked  with  mold  and  funk
that  it  was  a  miracle  the  soda  could
even  get  through.  We  couldn't  figure  out
how  any  previous  inspector  had  missed
that  or  what  the  freak  had  happened.  The
soda  tap  was  the  worst  because  it  ruined
eating  out  and  having  a  mixed  drink.
I'll  never  be  able  to  drink  anything  out
of  a  soda  line  ever  again.  I  got  a
better  job  offer  2  months  after  that  and
ran  out  of  that  job.  Yeah,  being  a
health  inspector  is  one  of  those  jobs
that  seems  to  affect  people's
perceptions  of  the  things  they  eat  in  a
probably  beneficial  but  unpleasant  way.
Ignorance  is  bliss,  I'll  say.  I'd  rather
not  know  how  many  parasites  I'm
constantly  shoving  into  the  decaying  and
decrepit  ancient  temple  that  is  my  body.
Former  employee  of  a  few  food  and  drink
related  places.  Let  me  tell  you  about
rat  droppings  in  the  pizza  boxes.  The
fry  cook  dropping  things  and  then  just
picking  them  back  up  to  fry.  He  reasoned
that  the  oil  was  hot  enough  to  burn  off
anything.  That  oil  was  only  changed
weekly,  if  not  bi-weekly  sometimes.  The
ice  cream  shop  where  no  hairetss  or
gloves  were  offered  or  needed.  So
manager's  hair  ended  up  in  the  ice
cream.  Also  questionably  clean  hands
making  cones.  Slime  and  mold  colonies,
not  growth.  We're  talking  freaking
civilizations  in  the  ice  makers  and  soda
spouts  at  a  whole  chain  of  gas  stations.
As  far  as  I  know,  I  was  the  only  one  who
ever  cleaned  those  at  my  location  alone.
And  whenever  I  babysat  another  store,
also  the  coffee  urns,  black  bottoms  and
grinds  caked  on  the  inside.  If  you  live
near  them,  go  to  racetrack  or  sheets.
Those  places  have  the  cleanest  urns  and
spouts  I've  ever  seen.  I  worked  at  a
buffet  about  8  years  ago  and  my  kitchen
manager  used  to  drop  food  back  into  the
fryer  after  dropping  it  as  well.  I  was
disgusted  by  this  on  my  first  day.  The
next  day,  I  found  out  that  our  soup  was
only  made  once  a  week.  I  called  the
health  inspector  and  took  a  few  pictures
before  abruptly  telling  the  few
customers  what  they  were  eating  and
subsequently  quitting  my  job.
Okay,  so  my  dad  was  a  health  and  hygiene
officer  in  the  Air  Force  back  in  the
early  50s  and  was  stationed  in  England.
His  job  included  inspecting  kitchen  and
latrine  facilities  at  bases,  overseeing
quarantine  on  troops  returning  home  from
Europe,  and  doing  health  inspections  on
said  troops.  He  and  some  fellow  H&H
officers  were  on  leave  in  London  and
decided  to  have  lunch  at  a  pub  that  was
advertising  a  soup  and  sandwich  deal.
They  sat  down  to  piping  hot  bowls  of
tomato  soup  and  were  talking  and  eating
when  one  of  the  guys  says,  "M,  good
soup.  Nice  and  meaty."  Everyone  stops
talking  as  it  sinks  in  that  tomato  soup
should  not  have  meat  in  it.  And  my  dad
reluctantly  digs  his  spoon  to  the  bottom
of  his  bowl  and  comes  up  with  several
well-cooked  cockroaches.  Being  trained
in  such  things,  they  stormed  into  the
kitchen  and  confirmed  that  the  place  had
their  soup  heating  on  a  back  burner
uncovered  directly  below  a  cold  water
pipe.  The  rising  steam  condensed  to  the
pipe,  making  it  slippery  and  causing
whatever  scured  across  it  to  fall  into
the  soup.  They  yelled  at  the  owner  and
reported  the  place,  but  beyond  that,
they  couldn't  do  much  about  the
unexpected  protein.
So,  yeah,  these  stories  are  pretty
gross,  but  you  can  put  your  mind  at  ease
by  going  to  your  county  health
department's  website,  and  they  should
have  a  list  of  recent  inspection  reports
for  your  favorite  restaurants.  Happy
eating.
Oh,  so  many  stories.  Mexican
restaurants,  Chinese  and  Italian
restaurants  are  typically  the  most
egregious  offenders,  which  sucks  because
their  food  is  usually  the  most  delicious
as  long  as  you're  okay  with  potentially
dying  later  from  it.  I've  only  ever
closed  down  one  restaurant.  It's
actually  much  harder  in  most  places  than
you  would  imagine.  Lots  of  red  tape  that
prevents  field  staff  and  even  managers
from  using  their  professional  judgment
in  the  service  of  public  health.  A  pizza
place  was  operating  without  a  permit  at
one  point  in  time.  I'd  drafted  a  letter
stating  that.  And  before  I  went  out  to
hand  deliver  it,  I  got  a  complaint
notification.  Someone  had  eaten  their
pizza  the  day  before  and  their  son  had
felt  glass  or  something  that  felt  like
pulverized  glass  in  his  pizza.  Backing
up  for  a  moment  to  the  red  tape  thing.
We're  not  legally  allowed  to  investigate
or  inspect  restaurants  who  don't  have  a
permit.  You  can  thank  the  US
Constitution  for  that.  You  can  see  the
dilemma.  We  decided  the  best  course  of
action  is  to  deliver  the  letter  saying
they're  operating  illegally  and  that  it
would  be  in  the  best  interest  of  their
business  and  the  public  health  to  allow
us  to  investigate  the  nature  of  the
complaint.  After  I  got  permission  to  go
in  and  take  a  look  around,  I  was
appalled.  The  manager  has  fingernails
that  extend  probably  half  an  inch  beyond
the  nail  bed  and  they  are  caked  in  flour
and  other  ingredients.  The  other
employee  has  dirty  bandages  all  over  his
fingers.  Both  of  these  characters  are
dressed  in  filthy  uniforms.  The  walk-in
cooler  has  loads  of  uncovered  food
sitting  beneath  stallctites  of  mold,  all
beneath  a  ceiling  of  black  filamentuous
fungi.  The  pizza  prep  table  has  broken
doors  and  hinges  and  is  covered  with
what  I  can  only  describe  as  putrified
ingredients  from  2003.  It  clearly  hasn't
been  cleaned  since  then.  The  plastic
lexon  containers  holding  the  food  items
in  the  cooler  are  all  breaking  apart  and
chipping.  At  this  point,  I've  got  a  few
ideas  as  to  what  that  guy  found  in  his
pizza,  and  I  don't  think  any  of  them  are
glass.  It's  probably  a  fingernail  or  a
band-aid  or  plastic  or  maybe  broken
metal  from  the  cooler  itself.  Then  I  see
it.  The  most  disgusting  can  opener  I've
ever  seen.  To  put  it  in  perspective,
mounted  can  openers  are  like  the
lowhanging  fruit  of  every  health
inspector.  They're  almost  always  out  of
compliance,  and  writing  one  up  will  make
you  look  like  a  try-hard  jerk  who's  out
to  get  the  restaurant  owner  in  trouble.
They're  usually  not  a  big  deal,  except
this  one.  This  one  is  absolutely  caked
in  dried  vile  pizza  sauce  goop  that  has
turned  black  with  age.  The  blade  itself
is  so  dull  and  chipped,  it's  literally
peeling  metal  filament  off  into  a  mass
next  to  the  blade.  Every  time  this  thing
is  used  to  open  a  new  pizza  sauce,  which
by  the  way  is  put  into  a  cracked  plastic
container  and  covered  with  a  trash  bag
to  keep  the  loads  of  flies  away,  it
deposits  metal  chips,  flakes,  filaments,
whatever  you  want  to  call  it,  into  that
sauce  and  into  the  bellies  of  the
customers.  Needless  to  say,  I  was
appalled.  I  had  the  person  in  charge
call  the  store  owner  who  pleaded  with  me
to  let  him  stay  open  given  that  they
didn't  even  have  a  permit  to  be  open  in
the  first  place.  This  was  a  no-go.  I
went  back  the  next  day  with  backup  and
we  formally  closed  them  for  operation
until  they  could  get  everything  back
into  working  order.  Surprise,  surprise,
they  called  the  next  day  saying
everything's  fixed.  And  I  can't  believe
it,  but  it  was.  Managerial  lack  of
control  aside,  they  must  have  spent
$1,000  in  16  hours  cleaning  that  place.
The  one  dude  even  clipped  his
fingernails.  Success  story  maybe.  Gross
example  of  what  you  get  with  second  rate
poorly  managed  restaurants.  Definitely.
They're  lucky  no  one  has  yet  died  from
eating  there.  I  worked  at  McDonald's.
The  mccafe  machines  were  the  most
disgusting  things  I've  ever  seen  in  my
life.  So  much  mold  and  slime  and
disgust.  The  first  time  I  cleaned  the
machine,  I  never  ordered  a  Macafe  drink
again.  Just  another  day  at  McDonald's.
former  inspector  here  and  oh  my
goodness,  I  could  write  a  book.  First,
Burger  King  had  raw  sewage  coming  out  of
the  drain  ankle  high  in  the  bathroom.
Employees  acted  like  it  was  normal.
There  was  a  Taco  Bell  that  had  a  fly
problem.  A  customer  bought  back  a  taco
with  a  live  fly  inside.  There  was  mold
in  some  ice  machines  that  I  saw.  Saw
some  with  gobs  and  gobs  of  pink  mold
oozing  in  the  ice  off  from  the  ice
blades.  A  Popeye's  chicken  serving
rotten  gray  chicken  that  stank  like
death.  Chick-fil-A.  Another  raw  sewage
backup,  but  in  the  kitchen  this  time
with  the  owner  wiping  sweat  off  his  face
and  continuing  to  make  sandwiches.
Another  Popeye's  chicken  where  the  whole
building  was  slanted  and  about  to  fall
over  and  still  operating.  The  other
Popeye's  chicken  who  knew  who  I  was  and
who  spit  in  my  food.  Wherever  you  go  in
this  job,  there's  lots  of  broken  coolers
and  food  well  away  from  the  recommended
temperatures.  A  Taco  Bell  with  no  AC  in
the  summer.  No  coolers  worked  and  the
employees  were  sweating  into  the  food.
Upper  management  kept  delaying  the  AC
repairs,  and  it  was  fixed  3  days  after
our  inspection.  I  also  watched  a  GM  pull
a  spatula  out  of  dirty  sink  water  to
flip  the  burger  patties.  Scratched  her
butt  while  handling  a  burger.  And
although  this  doesn't  make  me  sound  the
best,  I'm  always  extra  wary  of
foreigners  buying  restaurants  because
they  tended  to  be  the  worst  offenders.
What  happened  when  someone  jumped  into  a
taxi  and  initiated  a  real  life  car
chase?
I  used  to  drive  a  taxi  for  my  uncle's
company.  A  guy  got  in  my  taxi,  says,
"Just  follow  that  car."  And  reassured  me
it  was  nothing  serious.  Except  when  the
other  car  stops,  he  gets  out  and  runs  to
the  car  we  were  following  and  drags  the
guy  out  and  starts  just  punching  him  in
the  face.  I  got  out  and  was  yelling  at
him  and  calling  him  a  butthole  for  lying
to  me.  And  he  got  all  in  my  face  and
threatened  to  beat  the  crap  out  of  me,
too.  Said  a  bunch  of  racist  things  to  me
and  then  ran  off.  The  guy  who  got
punched  had  his  nose  broken.  The
weirdest  part  was  that  he  had  no  idea
who  that  guy  was.
I'm  actually  a  taxi  driver  in  a  bike  or
taxi  pedic.  I  was  hanging  out  in  a
corner  when  a  co-orker  of  mine  got  a
ride  across  the  intersection.  Suddenly,
a  guy  walks  up  to  me  and  tells  me  to
follow  that  cab,  but  keep  a  distance.
The  guy  looked  current  or  ex-military.
His  demeanor,  haircut,  and  attitude.  He
had  one  of  those  earbuds  like  the  agents
from  the  Matrix.  Exud  the  vibe  of  being
a  very  professional  and  competent  person
and  not  giving  an  F  at  the  same  time.
So,  I  was  born  for  this  moment.  I'd  read
all  the  Tom  Clansancy  books  as  a  kid,
all  the  books  about  spycraft  during
World  War  II  and  the  Cold  War,  every  spy
movie  ever  made.  I  kept  about  100  yards
distance  and  then  I'd  accelerate  when
they  went  around  a  curve  anytime  they
were  near  a  light  or  intersection.  I  had
all  the  lights  memorized.  I  did  this
just  to  ensure  that  we'd  make  the  same
light,  but  a  little  later  than  they  did.
At  one  point,  a  car  pulls  up  alongside
and  another  guy  switches  place  with  the
original  guy,  and  we  keep  going.  After
about  12  blocks,  the  pedic  pulls  over
ahead  of  us,  and  the  guy  tells  me  to
pull  over,  hands  me  20  bucks  for  the  $12
ride,  although  I  would  have  done  it  for
free  just  to  live  my  9-year-old  fantasy.
I  mean,  it  was  probably  just  local  cops,
but  I  can  dream.  I  was  in  New  Orleans,
and  the  cab  I  was  in  got  sideswiped  by  a
drunk  driver.  The  drunk  driver  then  took
off.  I  told  the  cab  to  follow  him,  which
he  did.  We  ended  up  in  a  parking  lot,
and  we  watched  them  go  into  an  apartment
building.  The  cabbie  had  the  station
called  the  cops.  I  wrote  a  statement  for
the  cabbie  and  he  called  me  a  new  cab
while  he  waited  for  them.  I  did  that
once  as  a  passenger.  We  said  it  as  a
joke.  We  were  in  a  group  of  six  and
couldn't  fit  in  a  single  cab.  So,  I  went
to  a  second  cab  and  said,  "Follow  that
cab."  We  expected  the  driver  to  laugh  it
off  and  asked  for  our  destination.
Instead,  he  just  took  off  and  followed
the  first  one.  I  mean,  I  hope  you  said,
"You  never  saw  us,  okay?"  and  tipped  him
a  hundred  bucks.
I  love  the  idea  of  doing  this  and  just
leaving  the  poor  guy  in  his  car
wondering  if  he  had  just  aided  and
embedded  a  hit  on  someone.  Also,  got  to
love  how  gung-ho  some  of  these  drivers
are.  They're  completely  ready  to  leap
into  action.  I  once  had  somebody  jump
into  my  car  and  I  wasn't  even  a  taxi.  I
was  driving  down  the  street  in  Boston
and  was  stopped  at  a  red  light,  minding
my  own  business.  Suddenly,  my  passenger
door  flung  open  and  someone  climbed  in.
Completely  shocked,  I  didn't  even  have
time  to  react.  For  some  reason,  it  never
entered  my  mind  that  I  should  be  alarmed
or  concerned  about  the  trespasser.  So,
when  I  saw  that  it  was  an  elderly  lady,
I  just  remained  calm.  Without  skipping  a
beat,  she  said  in  a  thick  Russian
accent,  "You'll  take  me  home,  please."
So,  I  started  driving.  I  asked  where  she
lived,  but  she  said,  "Just  keep  going.  I
told  you  when  to  stop."  At  that  point,
it  dawned  on  me  that  she  probably  had
dementia  and  that  she  likely  thought  I
was  someone  she  knew  or  maybe  even  a
taxi.  Nope.  After  a  few  minutes  of
conversation,  it  was  abundantly  clear
that  this  woman  had  simply  picked  the
first  car  she  had  seen,  got  in,  and
requested  a  ride.  During  the  10-minute
car  ride,  she  asked  about  my  life.  I  was
in  college  studying  psychology  at  the
time,  and  when  I  told  her  this,  she
said,  "You  make  good  psychologist."  Very
nice  boy.  It  put  a  big  smile  on  my  face.
My  grandparents  had  all  died  either
before  I  was  born  or  during  early
childhood.  So,  I  don't  think  I'd  ever
had  an  elderly  person  say  something  like
that  to  me.  It  felt  nice.  Finally,  we
reached  an  apartment  building  and  she
told  me  to  pull  over.  When  I  put  the  car
in  park,  she  turned  to  me  and  said,
"Thank  you  draving  me  today."  I  assured
her  it  was  no  problem  at  all  and  wished
her  the  best.  And  her  parting  words  to
me  as  she  climbed  out  were,  "Very  good
boy.  Good  luck  with  studies."  After
pausing  a  moment,  I  drove  away  and  just
kind  of  let  it  be.  It  was  such  a
nonchalant  and  comfortable  interaction
that  I  resisted  my  temptation  to
immediately  text  friends  to  tell  them
what  had  happened.  It  felt  like  that
would  have  cheapened  it  or  turned  it
into  a  novelty.  It  was  just  so  natural
and  I  went  with  it.  She's  unlikely  to  be
alive  at  this  point,  but  I  hope  she
enjoyed  the  rest  of  her  days.  Godspeed,
Russian  grandma,  I  had  for  a  day.  You
know,  sometimes  people  do  leap  into  my
cab  and  shout,  "Follow  that  car."  But
it's  usually  followed  by,  "H,  I've
always  wanted  to  say  that."  A  friend  of
mine  is  a  taxi  driver,  and  this  has
happened  to  him.  An  elderly  man  rushed
inside  his  taxi  and  pointed  out  loud  to
follow  a  red  Toyota.  This  man  never
explains  why  to  follow,  just  tries  to
frantically  call  someone.  My  friend
asked  multiple  times  if  they  needed  to
call  the  police,  but  the  man  just  waved
no  and  pointed  to  follow  the  car.  They
circle  around  town,  finally  ending  up  in
front  of  a  house  where  the  car  they  were
following  parks.  As  the  car  stops,  the
man  says,  "Hold  on  a  moment.  I'll  pay."
And  jumps  out  of  the  car.  An  elderly
lady  steps  out  of  the  red  Toyota  and  the
man,  apparently  her  husband,  starts  to
scream,  "Why  did  you  leave  me  at  the
mall?"  The  woman  is  waving  her  hands  and
screaming  back,  "What  are  you  screaming
about?  You're  here."  And  walks  inside
the  house  like  nothing  has  happened.  The
man  returns  and  pays  for  the  drive,
being  sorry  about  it  all  at  the  same
time.  My  friend  thought  they  were
following  a  burglar  or  something,  but  it
turned  out  the  lady  just  forgot  her
husband  at  the  mall.  Funny  situation  in
a  way,  but  sad  in  a  way,  too.  As  my
friend  said,  it  was  either  dementia  or  a
really  screwed  up  marriage.
Oh,  I'm  not  a  taxi  driver,  but  I  was  the
passenger  for  a  story  that  is  similarly
cliche.  Back  when  I  was  an  actor  and  an
active  substance  addict  and  alcoholic.
What's  the  difference  between  those
three?  I  know.  I  had  a  director
threatened  to  recast  me  a  week  before
the  show  if  I  was  late  to  rehearsal  one
more  time.  To  put  that  into  perspective,
recasting  a  major  role  after  rehearsals
have  started  is  generally  unheard  of  and
almost  unthinkable  so  late  in  the
rehearsal  process.  She  was  really  fed  up
with  me.  On  this  particular  day,  I  was
running  late  as  usual  and  had  5  minutes
to  get  to  rehearsal.  It  was  a  10-minute
walk  or  a  5-minute  drive.  I  flagged  a
cab,  hopped  in,  and  said,  "I  need  you  to
take  me  to  this  address,  and  if  you  can,
I  need  you  to  step  on  it."  The  driver
smiled  wide  and  said,  "I've  always
wanted  to  hear  that."  Cue  him,  putting
the  pedal  to  the  metal.  Within  10
seconds,  we  were  approaching  65  mph  on  a
30  mph  city  street,  weaving  through
traffic,  clipping  yellow  lights  too
close  for  comfort,  and  generally
whipping  this  cab  around  in  an
extraordinarily  haphazard  and
irresponsible  fashion.  I  was  stunned,
wideeyed,  in  absolute  shock  and  terror,
unable  to  process  that  he  quite
literally  heeded  my  request  or  that  this
was  actually  happening.  I  thought  I  was
going  to  die.  It  was  the  best  care  ride
of  my  life.  I  was  2  minutes  early  to
rehearsal.
I  left  my  flute  on  the  bus.  I  wasn't
about  to  get  my  butt  whooped  for
forgetting  my  $1,000  silver  holo  stick
on  my  way  to  orchestra  practice.  I
followed  the  car.  It  stopped  at  a
suburban  house.  The  guy  went  into  the
house.  They  were  his  family  and  didn't
have  room  for  him  with  them.  Not
[clears throat]  as  wild  as  I  wanted  it
to  be,  to  be  honest.  I  drove  a  taxi  one
summer  in  a  party  resort.  One  night,  two
guys  jumped  in  and  yelled,  "Follow  that
car."  Which  was  another  taxi  that  I  knew
the  driver  of.  and  I  obliged.  Turns  out
one  of  their  friends  was  drunk  as  freick
and  decided  to  just  go  to  their  hotel
without  telling  them.  They  only  saw  the
guy  leaving  the  club  drunk  and  they
thought  he  was  going  to  a  skin  flick
club  without  them.  He  was  actually  going
to  their  hotel  as  he  was  quite  hammered.
Another  time,  three  girls  jumped  in  the
car  and  said,  "Follow  that  car."  The  car
in  question  was  a  black  sedan  with
tinted  black  windows.  Yet,  it  wasn't
that  shady  in  my  humble  opinion.  We
followed  the  car  for  15  minutes,  leaving
the  resort  going  into  a  forest.  The
girls  start  freaking  out  as  one  of  their
friends,  also  a  girl,  was  seen  stepping
into  that  same  car.  Yeah,  turns  out  that
she  had  just  hooked  up  with  some  guy  in
the  club  they  were  in  earlier  and  she
was  about  to  do  the  deed  with  them  when
we  pulled  up  next  to  them.  It  was  the
weirdest  summer.  Well,  what  can  you  say?
Those  girls'  hearts  were  in  the  right
place,  and  you  can  see  why  maybe  they'd
be  concerned.  It's  damned  embarrassing
for  everyone  involved,  but  at least  you
got  an  entertaining  story  and  hopefully
the  price  of  the  cab  fair.  Not  a  taxi
driver,  although  I  was  driving  down  a
main  road  and  saw  a  guy  running  around
with  a  baseball  bat  and  then  some  cop
cars  parked  on  the  side  street.  Young  me
decided  that  I  wanted  to  get  involved.
So,  I  pulled  down  the  side  street  and
found  a  cop  on  foot  a  good  distance  away
from  his  car.  I  told  him  about  baseball
bat  guy  and  he  gets  on  his  radio.  I
guess  he  got  an  immediate  update  on  his
radio,  looked  at  how  far  he  was  from  his
car  and  says,  "Can  you  drive  me  down  the
road?"  I'm  thinking,  "Fick  yeah."  And  I
tell  him  to  jump  in.  He  does.  and  I'm
seriously  driving  around  back  roads  with
a  cop  riding  shotty,  giving  me
directions  while  on  his  radio.  It  only
lasted  for  about  2  minutes  and  then  he
jumped  out  to  pursue  the  guy  on  foot.
Not  a  very  satisfying  ending  to  the
story  since  I  never  found  out  what
happened,  but  damn,  that's  my  story.  I
asked  a  taxi  driver  that  question  many
years  back.  He  said  that  it  had  happened
on  two  separate  occasions  and  both  times
a  wife  was  trying  to  catch  her  cheating
husband  committing  adultery.  One  of  the
wives  actually  caught  her  husband  and
meeting  his  mistress.
My  dad  used  to  drive  taxis  for  a  short
while  and  he  once  gave  a  man  a  free  ride
because  the  first  thing  he  said  upon
getting  in  the  taxi  was,  "Follow  that
car."  My  dad  had  always  wanted  someone
to  say  that  to  him  and  was  overjoyed.
I'm  not  a  taxi  driver,  but  a  police
officer.  I  was  moonlighting  at  a  club
and  a  fight  broke  out  inside.  The
bouncers  had  an  unusually  hard  time
getting  this  one  guy  out  of  the  club.  I
went  inside  to  help  and  he  took  a  swing
at  me  and  then  took  off  running  out  of
the  club  down  the  street.  I  gave  chase,
but  this  guy  was  fast.  I  didn't  have  a
chance  at  catching  him.  I  chased  him
maybe  two  blocks  and  saw  a  taxi  sitting
in  front  of  this  other  club.  I  jumped  in
the  taxi  and  told  the  driver  to  follow
him.  We  caught  up  with  the  guy  as  we
approached  him  and  he  was  attempting  to
flag  us  down.  I  told  the  taxi  driver  to
stop  for  him  and  as  he  opened  the  door,
there  I  was.  He  was  too  surprised  to  do
anything  but  stand  there.  I  placed  him
under  arrest  and  called  for  another  unit
to  come  and  pick  us  up.  You  can  submit
your  own  stories  to  be  featured  here  on
the  channel.  The  story  submission  link
is  in  the  description  below.  And  if  you
want  to  listen  to  some  vibe  music  in  the
background,  check  out  Easy  Mode,  also
linked  below  and  subscribe.
Oh,  you  know,  often  I'd  get  people
hopping  in  and  saying  just  follow  that
cab  without  giving  any  real  destination.
They  just  had  too  many  people  in  their
group  for  one  taxi.  It's  not  exciting.
But  one  night,  I  picked  up  four  guys
having  a  bachelor  party,  and  one  had
left  their  phone  in  a  taxi  earlier  in
the  day  and  had  been  tracking  it  using
another's  phone.  45  minutes  of  speeding
all  over  the  city,  cutting  taxis  off
that  might  be  the  one  with  the  phone,
while  four  grown  men  hopped  out  of  my
car  in  the  middle  of  traffic,  and
swarmed  the  unsuspecting  drivers  to
inquire  about  the  missing  phone.  It  must
have  scared  the  heck  out  of  a  bunch  of
people.  We  finally  found  it.  The  meter
said  60  bucks,  and  they  gave  me  120.  Not
the  most  exciting  story,  but  definitely
the  most  fun  fair  that  I've  ever  had.
I've  been  driving  a  cab  for  about  a  year
now.  Usually  work  the  600  p.m.  to  3:00
a.m.  shift.  My  dispatcher  radios  me  to
her  house  with  5  minutes  to  go  to  the
end  of  my  shift.  Short  2-minute  drive
later,  we  live  in  a  small  city.  I  pull
up  in  the  circle  driveway  as  a  car  pulls
out  the  other  end  and  speeds  off.  The
largest  man  I've  ever  seen  in  my  life
comes  barreling  out  the  house  like  a
freaking  bull,  jumps  in  my  cab  and  says,
"Did  you  see  that  car?  Follow  it."  I
caught  up  to  the  car  and  followed  it  out
to  the  highway.  As  soon  as  it  got  on  the
highway,  the  car  put  on  its  hazard
lights  and  floors  it.  The  mountain  man
in  the  back  seat  says,  "My  wife  is  in
labor  and  my  father-in-law  is  driving.
He  tells  me  to  catch  up  and  that  he'll
give  me  200  bucks."  So,  naturally,  I
floor  it  going  at  about  90  mph  in  a  45
zone.  His  father-in-law  happens  to  be
city  police  chief  and  he'd  called  in  an
escort.  I  looked  in  my  rearview  mirror
and  I  saw  four  cop  cars  about  a  mile  off
and  catching  up  quick.  I  panicked.  I
almost  started  to  slow  down  when  he  told
me  they  were  an  escort.  Sure  enough,  two
of  the  cops  go  speeding  past  me  like  I
was  in  park.  Keep  in  mind,  I'm  still
going  90  miles  per  hour.  The  other  two
pull  behind  me  as  we  still  had  another  2
or  3  miles  to  go.  Another  minute  or  so
passes  and  we  come  squealing  up  to  the
ER.  Two  nurses  were  already  waiting
outside.  He  thanks  me,  hands  me  the
money,  and  jumps  out  the  car.  In  short,
got  a  police  escort  with  a  pregnant
woman's  husband  and  made  200  bucks.  Not
sure  if  this  one  qualifies,  but  almost.
A  colleague  of  mine,  a  UK  police
officer,  was  on  foot  patrol  and  saw  a
robbery  in  the  distance  where  a  driver
was  pulled  from  their  car  and  the
robbers  drove  off  in  their  car.  My  mate
stopped  civilian  car  and  gave  the  famous
line,  "Follow  that  car."  The  driver
apparently  went  wild  trying  to  keep  up
with  the  robbers.  The  whole  time  with  a
uniformed  police  officer  in  his
passenger  seat  giving  a  commentary  to
his  base.  They  lost  the  stolen  car  and
my  colleague  asked  his  driver  to  stop.
He  got  out  and  let  the  driver  go  without
asking  for  his  details.  As  the  driver
went  into  the  distance,  my  mate  realized
he  had  taken  out  his  peg,  his  tunchon  in
the  car  and  left  it  on  the  dashboard.
Luckily,  the  driver  rang  in  later  and  it
was  returned.  No  idea  what  happened  to
the  robbers,  the  stolen  car,  or  the
victim.  Sorry,  not  a  taxi  driver,  but
when  I  was  18,  driving  home  late  at
night  in  Seattle,  I  was  rearended  by  a
guy  and  when  I  tried  to  call  the  cops
from  a  pay  phone,  it  was  1992,  he  pulled
a  get  on  me  and  told  me  to  get  in  his
trunk.  So,  I  knocked  him  down  and  ran.
And  luckily,  there  was  a  cab  sitting
there  at  a  red  light,  so  I  got  to  jump
into  it  and  yell,  "Drive.  Just  drive."
He  didn't  hesitate.  He  just  took  off.
The  guy  stayed  with  me  at  the  7-Eleven
until  the  cops  came.  I  won't  forget
that.  I  was  pretty  shaken  up.  If  you're
out  there  reading  this  now,  thank  you,
taxi  driver  dude.  I  had  a  fair  jump  in
my  car  who  immediately  started  berating
about  my  car  and  how  Uber  doesn't  allow
drivers  to  use  two-door  cars.  This  came
as  a  surprise  to  me  because  I  was  not
and  have  never  been  an  Uber  driver.  I
was  just  parked  in  front  of  the  hotel
waiting  for  a  friend.  You  know,  this  has
happened  to  me  twice.  The  second  time,
the  girl  was  so  glued  to  her  phone  that
she  didn't  even  make  eye  contact.  I  let
it  roll  for  a  couple  of  seconds  before  I
finally  asked  her  why  she  was  in  my  car.
She  looked  up,  wordlessly  opened  the
door,  and  disappeared  into  the  night.
Really  makes  you  think  about  how  the
world  has  changed  when  it's  normal  to
pop  into  a  stranger's  back  seat,  but
weird  to  talk  to  them  once  you're  in
there.
I  know  more  than  one  person  who  would  be
that  simultaneously  inattentive,  glued
to  their  phone,  and  just  mentally
incapable  of  dealing  with  the  situation
as  that  last  girl.  Yep.  Some  of  us  have
really  been  cooked  by  our  phones  and
modern  services,  haven't  we?  Huh.  My
father  was  a  taxi  driver  for  quite  a
while.  It  never  happened  to  him,  for
which  he  was  eternally  disappointed.  He
did,  however,  once  get  run  over  by  his
own  car.  Okay,  and  now  enough  people  are
asking,  so  I  can  essentially  give  my
off-topic  answer.  This  was  in  the  mid
'90s  in  southern  England.  Like  many
taxis  of  that  vintage,  he  was  driving  a
diesel  Citroen  BX.  Also,  like  those
cars,  it  had  been  driven  into  the
ground.  In  any  case,  he  was  dropping  off
a  little  old  lady  at  her  house  at  the
top  of  a  hill.  Being  a  gentlemanly  sort,
he  helped  her  out  of  the  back  seat  and
escorted  her  around  the  front  of  the
car.  The  handbreak  [clears throat]  cable
snapped  while  they  were  doing  that,  and
the  car  began  to  roll  down  the  hill.  He
pushed  the  lady  out  of  the  way  and  got
hit.  The  car  dragged  him  about  a  100
yards  down  the  road  before  a  guy  out  on
a  run  was  able  to  jump  in  and  put  his
foot  on  the  brake.  He  was  mostly  okay.
He  had  pretty  severe  friction  burn  and
road  rash  down  one  of  his  legs  and  up
his  back.  He  had  to  have  x-rays  on  his
ribs,  too,  but  they  turned  out  not  to  be
broken  or  cracked.  The  little  old  lady
threatened  to  sue  because  in  his  haste
to  get  her  out  of  the  way,  he  pushed  her
over  and  she  broke  her  wrist.  Old  bones,
presumably.  Fortunately,  the  company's
solicitor  was  able  to  head  that  off.  he
could  make  the  case  that  he'd  saved  her
life,  I  suppose.  When  I  found  out  later,
I'd  have  been  14  or  15,  I  laughed  my
butt  off.  I  mean,  who  gets  run  over  by
their  own  car?  It  didn't  take
[clears throat]  long  to  realize  how
lucky  he  had  been,  though.  One  time
after  a  work  party,  a  bunch  of
co-workers  and  I  were  going  to  a
different  bar,  and  we  needed  to  take
cabs.  A  few  of  us  got  into  one  and  the
rest  into  another.  One  of  my  co-workers
told  our  cabbie,  "Hey,  if  you  can  beat
that  cab,  I'll  give  you  an  extra  20
bucks."  The  cabbie  smiled  in  the  rear
view  and  said,  "Okay,  buddy."  and
started  weaving  between  cars  until  he
got  in  front  of  the  other  cab.  Then  he
perfectly  timed  it  so  he  could  get  the
other  cab  stuck  at  a  red  light  while  he
just  made  it  past.  With  that  head  start,
he  really  had  no  need  to  rush  and  he
calmly  got  us  to  the  bar  first.  I  think
he  really  enjoyed  it  and  got  a  pretty
nice  tip  for  such  a  short  trip.  I  was
driving  in  London,  utterly  confused  as
this  was  my  first  drive  on  the  left  side
of  the  road  and  pregppps,  so  I  had
absolutely  no  clue  how  to  get  where  I
needed  to  be.  So  I  stopped  a  black  cab,
a  taxi,  and  asked  him  to  chaperone  me  to
the  address.  "Follow  my  car,"  he
shouted,  and  set  off  at  a  breakneck
speed  down  taxi  lanes,  weaving  in  and
out  of  traffic.  "Remember  that  all  black
cabs  are  identical,  and  London  is
teeming  with  them.  I've  never  been  so
focused  or  frightened  in  my  life."  Once
at  port  in  Spain  on  deployment,  we  were
late  in  getting  back  to  the  ship.  So,  we
jumped  in  a  cab  and  said,  "There's  a
good  tip  your  way  if  you  get  us  there
before  10:30."  We  were  there  by  10:15,
and  it  was  the  scariest  car  ride  of  my
life.  It  was  amazing.
I  was  never  told  to  follow  that  car,  but
I  was  sitting  at  the  Waterburger
drive-thru  one  night,  and  a  guy  jumped
into  my  car  and  said,  "I'm  not  going  to
rob  you  or  anything,  but  we  need  to  get
the  freak  out  of  here  right  now."  Two
guys  just  ran  me  off  the  road.  I  thought
he  was  full  of  crap,  so  I  started  to
argue  with  him  when  I  noticed  two  huge
dudes  pulling  a  tire  iron  out  of  the
trunk  of  a  car.  One  of  them  pointed  at
my  car  and  said,  "There  he  is."  They
started  running  towards  us,  so  I  took
the  freick  off.  They  gave  chase,  but  I
had  a  head  start  and  I  knew  the
neighborhood.  I  was  driving  way  too  fast
for  those  streets,  and  I  hit  a  speed
bump  way  too  hard,  but  that  head  start
gave  me  enough  time  to  turn  down  a  side
street  and  kill  the  lights.  I  saw  them
pass  the  street  in  the  rear  view  mirror
and  waited  a  while  until  I  dropped  the
guy  off  at  his  friend's  house  a  block  or
two  away  from  where  we'd  hid  out.  I
apologized  for  not  believing  him  and  he
thanked  me  for  getting  him  away.
So,  this  kind  of  flips  the  formula  a
bit,  but  my  partner  and  I  had  some  guy
take  off  on  us  on  foot  and  we  were
chasing  him  down  a  semi-  major  road,  but
he  was  smoking  us.  Some  random  person  in
a  minivan  pulled  over,  yelled,  "Jump
in,"  and  then  dropped  us  off  just  in
front  of  him.  The  guy  was  totally  gassed
by  that  point  and  just  went  prone  on  the
ground  when  we  jumped  out.  Seriously,  it
was  like  something  in  a  movie.  I  drove
Uber  for  a  little  while  in  New  Orleans.
I  don't  recommend  it.  And  immediately
after  dropping  someone  off  in  the  French
Quarter,  I  had  a  woman  jump  in  the  back
with  a  6-in  bedazzled  set  of  heels  and
yell,  "Follow  that  car."  It  turned  out
she  was  working  at  a  local  exotic  dance
club  and  had  left  her  phone  in  the  car
of  a  guy  she  wasn't  keen  to  see  again.
Unfortunately,  we  couldn't  catch  up  to
him,  so  I  just  took  her  back  to  her
place  of  work.  A  friend  driving  a  cab
had  this  happen  once.  It  was  college
students  out  on  the  town  and  their
friends  got  into  a  cab  just  prior  to
them.  Yes,  he  chased  it  to  wherever  they
wanted.  They  tipped  him  nice,  he  said.
It  was  very  anticlimactic,  though.  So,  I
was  actually  the  person  who  jumped  in
the  car  and  said,  "Follow  that  bus."  And
then  tried  to  get  to  the  next  stop
before  the  bus,  please.  It's  important.
I'd  forgotten  my  phone,  and  that  was  the
only  thing  I  could  think  of.  There  was
no  way  I'd  outrun  the  bus.  I  had  to
cross  a  big  boulevard  and  wait  at  the
traffic  light.  And  after  that,  it  was  a
long  stretch  where  I'd  stand  no  chance.
The  guy  actually  made  it  and  even  told
me  to  just  go  and  not  pay  anything.  To
be  fair,  it  took  him  like  a  minute  or
two  anyway,  but  still.  So,  cheers  to
you,  random,  genuinely  nice  taxi  driver.
You're  a  gentleman  and  a  scholar.  My  ex
had  to  chase  down  someone's  boyfriend  in
his  cab  because  the  runaway  boyfriend
stole  $500  in  cash.  Huh.  A  man  was
trying  to  pick  up  some  garbage.  He  was  a
dumpster  trucker  or  whatever.  And  his
pal  drove  off  thinking  he  was  in  the
bank.  The  man  ran  to  my  car,  kept
knocking  on  my  window,  and  said  to
follow  that  truck  in  a  voice  so  loud  New
York  City  could  hear,  and  he  hopped  in.
I'm  pretty  sure  I  drove  a  red  light  to
get  to  the  dumpster  truck.  He  paid  me  a
20  though,  so  it  was  worth  it.  What
happens  to  relationships  after  one
partner  is  diagnosed  with  a  personality
disorder?
I  have  schizioid  personality  disorder.
I'm  48.  I've  not  dated  since  1992.  If
she  hadn't  asked  me,  I  probably  would
never  have  dated,  but  my  curiosity  got
the  best  of  me.  I'm  also  chronically
unemployed.  I've  never  been  able  to  keep
a  job,  mostly  because  I  don't  build
relationships  with  my  co-workers.  School
was  a  disaster,  probably  for  the  same
reason.  I  don't  seem  to  be  interested  in
things  the  way  other  people  are,  so  I'm
impossible  to  motivate.
I  was  recently  diagnosed  with  avoidant
personality  disorder.  I'm  28.  I  grew  up
with  the  message  that  intimacy  equals
surrendering  all  control  to  the  other
person  and  I  was  never  able  to  trust  my
parents  or  family  members  because  I  knew
they  were  more  concerned  about
themselves  than  me.  As  an  adult,  I've
always  tended  to  lose  myself  in
relationships.  I've  lost  sight  of  my  own
wants  and  needs  and  form  myself  around
the  wants  and  needs  of  my  friends  and
partners  whilst  feeling  resentful  for
being  unable  to  show  the  real  me  to
anyone.  Currently,  I  have  no  real
friends  because  I  find  that  crap
exhausting.  and  I  have  a  boyfriend,  but
I  hate  the  way  I  absorb  his  values  and
opinions.  And  I  miss  being  in  touch  with
my  true  self,  like  when  I'm  single.  I
desperately  want  to  have  meaningful
relationships  in  my  life,  but  I  can't
seem  to  escape  the  impulse  to  become
subservient  to  whomever  I  allow  close  to
me,  and  I  end  up  resenting  them  as  their
identities  take  hold  of  me.  I  don't  want
to  be  alone,  but  alone  is  the  only  way  I
feel  in  control  of  myself.  I  can't  say
I'm  a  success  story  because  I  only
recently  received  this  diagnosis  and  I
still  have  a  lot  to  work  on.  But  at
least  I  know  what  I'm  dealing  with  now.
And  for  me,  success  will  consist  of
learning  how  to  actually  share  my  true
thoughts  and  feelings  and  opinions  with
people,  which  is  really  freaking  hard.  I
need  to  learn  to  trust  myself  even  when
others  disagree  with  me.  I  think  I  have
a  long  road  ahead.  For  those  of  you
wondering  whether  you  have  this
disorder,  if  you  have  a  history  of
trauma,  it  certainly  increases  the
likelihood.  Everyone  is  different  though
and  these  are  just  my  personal
experiences.  If  you're  identifying  with
the  symptoms,  my  advice  would  be  to  find
a  good  therapist  and  work  towards
finding  your  own  voice.  No  matter  how
long  or  how  many  people  have  drowned  it
out,  you  deserve  to  be  seen,  heard,  and
known.
I  was  suffering  for  years  with  unknown
mental  health  issues  and  had  a  string  of
unhealthy  relationships.  I  finally  got
diagnosed  with  bipolar  disorder,  started
getting  help,  and  met  an  amazing  person
who  supports  me  and  puts  up  with  my
sometimes  over-the-top  mood  swings  with
kindness  and  love.  Sometimes  I  worry  I'm
putting  too  much  on  him,  and  I  tell  him
this  often.  He  always  bats  it  away,
saying  I'm  worth  it.  To  be  clear,  I
don't  attack  him  or  say  horrible  things
to  him.  It's  just  my  mood  around  him
that  can  be  a  bit  toxic.  If  I  get  upset,
I  can't  really  stop  the  process,  and  it
can  be  very  stressful  with  me  crying  and
unable  to  self  soo  and  stuff.  I  do  my
best  to  keep  these  things  to  a  minimum,
and  I'm  getting  better  the  more  time
goes  by.  And  even  just  blurting  out  how
I  feel  and  getting  a  hug  off  him  helps
so  much  knowing  I'm  not  being  judged,
even  if  I'm  acting  like  a  child.  I  still
have  a  long  road  ahead.  And  maybe  one
day  he'll  realize  it's  too  much  for  him,
which  I  would  totally  understand.  It's
shown  me  what  a  person  can  be  and  what
everyone  deserves,  and  I'll  always  be
grateful  to  him  for  that.  I'm  not
unlovable  just  because  I'm  sick.  Oh,  too
right  on  that  last  message.  I  think  the
right  partner  can  make  a  great
difference  for  a  lot  of  people,  but  even
if  you  don't  have  one,  the  point  I'm
getting  from  the  last  two  stories  is
that  even  if  these  disorders  aren't
curable,  they  are  treatable  and  livable
with  the  right  methods.  Onto  the  next
story.  I  believe  that  I  have  some  or
maybe  a  lot  of  narcissistic  traits,
never  having  been  told  by  any  of  my
numerous  therapists.  And  I  never
realized  it  until  I  was  with  my  now
husband.  I've  come  to  learn  through  tons
of  self-reflection  and  awareness  that
it's  due  to  my  need  for  control  because
of  an  almost  complete  lack  of  boundaries
as  a  child.  I  also  have  OCD  tendencies
and  severe  anxiety.  And  it's  always
manifested  as  severe  irritability  and
anger  and  outrage  at  the  tiniest  of
things.  But  I  never  in  a  million  years
thought  that  I  was  the  problem  until  I'd
been  together  with  my  husband  for  about
a  year  and  we  were  expecting  our  second
child.  I've  been  working  meticulously  on
myself  for  the  past  3  years  and  I  have  a
long  way  to  go.  But  now  I  can  identify
my  triggers  and  also  I'm  much  less
demanding  and  controlling  and  I'm  aware
of  the  subconscious  emotional
manipulation  I  was  using  on  my  husband.
He  was  finally  able  to  express  how  much
it's  affected  him  and  it  really  sank  in
for  me  the  degree  of  damage  I  was  doing
to  my  relationships  with  others,  my
friendships  and  my  children  included.
And  I'm  so  lucky  that  I  was  able  to  see
it  and  start  healings  so  that  I  didn't
continue  on  that  path  and  hurting  those
I  love.
Well,  my  father's  a  psychopath  who  once
told  me  that  psychopaths  don't  like
being  called  that.  He'd  consider  his
greatest  success  that  of  being  able  to
hold  down  a  marriage  with  a  kid  along
with  multiple  girlfriends.  I  mean,
that's  very  impressive,  but  not  in  a
good  way.  Skitsioid  personality  here.
What  are  these  relationships  you  speak
of?  My  relationships  haven't  changed,
but  knowing  how  other  people  think  makes
getting  by  easier.  Knowing  your  skitsoid
doesn't  really  help  in  my  experience.
Skitsioids  are  pretty  insular  and
self-reflective,  so  we  know  how  we
operate  without  a  diagnosis.  By  skitsoid
standards,  I've  been  very  successful  at
dating.  By  normal  person's  standards,
I'm  still  well  below  average.  But  I  find
a  diagnosis  is  very  helpful  for  them.  A
few  months  in,  and  they  tend  to  have  a
lot  of  questions,  but  even  just  a
Wikipedia  entry  on  the  disorder  helps  a
ton.  I've  been  diagnosed  with  antisocial
personality.  Honestly,  I  hide  it.  No  way
anyone  can  look  at  you  the  same  way  if
you  confess.  I  have  a  close  friend  who
admitted  to  me  that  he  had  a  diagnosis
of  antisocial  personality  and  honestly  I
was  very  surprised  but  it  didn't  change
how  I  felt  about  him.  It  actually  helped
me  understand  him  a  bit  better  in  some
ways  or  at least  understand  that  I  might
never  fully  understand  him  and  learn  to
be  okay  with  that.  To  say  that  I've  had
a  diagnosis  or  two  or  been  through  the
ringer  a  bunch  and  have  had  to  deal  with
the  repercussions  of  that  would  be  an
understatement.  What  I  can  say  though  is
that  when  I  finally  addressed  it  to  the
people  I  trust  and  care  about,  it  lifted
a  great  weight.  I  guess  my  advice  would
be  just  own  it,  don't  sugarcoat  it,  joke
about  it,  and  overall  let  loved  ones
know  that  you  recognize  the  behavior  and
move  forward  with  the  assumption  that  it
was  a  learning  experience  and  people
progress.  Often  it  makes  you  a  much
better  person.  I'm  dating  a  woman  with
borderline  personality  disorder.  I've
known  her  for  8  years.  I've  been  seeing
her  for  a  year  and  a  half,  and  we've
been  officially  dating  for  a  year.  It's
hard,  but  the  most  rewarding
relationship  that  I've  been  in.
Treatment  is  definitely  key  with  bipolar
disorder.  I  just  can't  stand  it  when  I
hear  people  saying  that  someone  with  BPD
can't  have  a  fulfilling  relationship.  I
swear  that's  one  of  the  reasons  my
girlfriend  thinks  she  isn't  worthy.  I'm
never  going  to  stop  treating  her  like
gold.  She  does  the  same  for  me.  My
fiance  has  BPD.  I'd  never  tell  her,  but
I  came  really  close  to  leaving  multiple
times  for  the  things  she  did  to  me.  But
it's  by  far  my  happiest  relationship  now
that  she's  treating  it,  and  I've  dealt
with  my  own  resentment.  but  we  only  made
it  because  she  recognized  what  she  was
doing  to  me  and  sought  help.  Really  nice
to  see  this  question.  I've  been  with  my
boyfriend  for  more  than  5  years  and  was
diagnosed  with  borderline  personality
disorder  about  2  and  1/2  years  into  our
relationship.  Before  my  diagnosis,  even
though  we  got  along  amazingly  and
communicated  well  and  were  generally
happy,  I'd  find  myself  throwing
toddler-like  tantrums  at  any  perceived
or  imagined  slight.  I  hated  this  about
myself.  I  thought  I  was  a  bad  person
because  I  just  couldn't  control  myself.
My  partner  happens  to  be  an  amazing
people  reader.  He  just  naturally  seems
to  pick  up  on  people's  personality  and
intentions  as  easily  as  I  notice  hair
color.  He  was  nothing  but  understanding.
Even  though  we  had  little  education  of
mental  health,  we  both  knew  something
was  off  and  he  was  a  constant  support  as
I  sought  out  treatment.  I  was  diagnosed
with  borderline  personality  disorder  and
given  a  therapist  who  specialized  in
PTSD  in  veterans.  Turns  out  a  lot  of  my
flare-ups  were  somehow  similar  to  PTSD
flashbacks.  I  was  taught  a  bunch  of
techniques  to  use  when  I  felt  myself
starting  to  flare  out.  It  was  also  the
first  time  I  realized  that  my  parents
had  been  incredibly  emotionally
negligent  to  the  point  where  I  hadn't
learned  to  deal  with  emotions.  What  was
accidentally  taught  instead  was  that  if
I  was  angry  or  sad,  I  was  about  to  be
yelled  at.  It's  taken  3  years,  but  I
found  the  right  combo  of  meds.  I'm  not
cured,  and  I'm  definitely  not  perfect,
but  I  don't  have  flare  outs  anymore.
Sure,  I  sometimes  raise  my  voice  when  I
shouldn't,  or  I  get  into  a  stupid
argument  with  my  boyfriend,  but  I'm
working  on  myself  every  day,  and  we're
super  solid  and  super  in  love.  I'm
actually  typing  this  besides  him  aboard
a  ferry  on  our  way  to  what  will
hopefully  be  our  new  life.  In  3  hours,
I'll  be  doing  the  entrance  exam  for  a
college  program  that  I'm  really  excited
about.  And  afterwards,  we're  checking
out  the  shop  he'll  be  managing  in
September.  We  have  a  cat  and  a  dog
together.  We  illustrated  a  book
together,  found  a  20,000-year-old  fossil
together,  and  foraged  together  at  least
once  a  week.  I  have  schizioid
personality  disorder,  and  it's  not
really  that  interesting.  I  was  also
diagnosed  with  anxiety,  depression,  and
schizophrenia,  so  those  took  priority.  I
didn't  even  realize  I  had  it  until  I
rewrite  an  old  document  years  later.
There's  no  real  treatment  for  it,  but
finding  out  helped  me  understand  myself
better.  Also,  if  you  get  a  mental
evaluation  done,  you  should  really  get  a
professional  to  interpret  it.  I  haven't
had  much  success  in  relationships,  but  I
haven't  really  tried  either.  After  being
diagnosed,  I  accepted  that  someone  would
have  to  be  damn  near  perfect  for  a
relationship  to  feel  worth  it  for  me,
and  that  person  might  not  exist.  I'm  all
right  with  that  for  now.  Don't  worry,  it
doesn't  sound  like  you're  too  much  more
picky  than  a  lot  of  us  are  in  the  modern
age  of  dating.  Way  too  many  of  us  look
for  near  perfection.  Actually,  what's
been  really  nice  about  this  question  is
seeing  the  accounts  of  really  great  and
patient  partners  who  are  capable  of
appreciating  what  is  awesome  about  their
spouses  and  romantic  interests  despite
the  tougher  times.  ADHD  and  medication
has  made  a  huge  impact  on  my
relationships.  I  was  diagnosed  in
college  since  my  dad  didn't  believe  in
mental  health  disorders  at  first.  I  was
ashamed  of  struggling  with  basic  things
that  everyone  else  seemed  to  do  so
naturally,  like  sitting  still  during
meetings  at  the  ripe  age  of  21  or  listen
to  and  remember  short  instructions  from
1  minute  to  the  next.  Even  just
processing  was  a  nightmare.  A  baby  in  a
pool  in  front  of  me  flipped  on  a  floaty
boat  and  I  stood  there  letting  the  baby
struggle  for  a  solid  5  seconds  before  a
panicked  mom  next  to  him  turned  around
and  flipped  him  back  and  I  managed  to
process,  "Oh,  that  baby  was  in  trouble."
I  generally  did  okay  in  school,  but
teachers  always  had  to  give  me  an  extra
5,  10,  or  30  minutes  on  a  test  after
everyone  else  had  finished,  even  on
exams  that  were  easy  for  me.  By  college,
I  no  longer  received  extra  time,  and  my
grades  started  sinking  quick.  Despite  my
best  efforts,  taking  meds  felt  like
looking  at  everything  with  your  first
pair  of  glasses  after  years  of  foggy
vision.  I  realized  some  people  banked  on
my  short  memory  to  steal  from  me.  People
would  ask  to  borrow  something  mid-con
conversation,  like  a  wallet,  iPod,  my
homework,  and  my  books,  and  just  never
give  it  back,  or  like  with  the  wallet,
try  to  return  a  different  item.  Because
I  could  never  remember  what  was  mine  in
detail,  and  I  was  ashamed  to  admit  it,  I
just  got  used  to  things  going  missing.
It  was  one  hell  of  a  wakeup  call  when
certain  friends  were  surprised,  I
actually  asked  for  my  stuff  back,  or
when  they  handed  me  the  wrong  item,  and
I  corrected  them.  My  family  got  angry
multiple  times  when  they  said  that  I'd
promised  X  and  I  pointed  out  that  it  was
actually  Y  Zed.  I  began  to  paper  trail
everything.  These  days,  I  live  by  my
list  and  my  schedules.  I  was  still  a
little  late  to  everything,  but  my  work
became  much  better  quality.  I'd  remember
what  people  said  to  me  from  one  day  to
another,  so  I  felt  like  I  was  actually
getting  to  know  people,  really  know
them,  one  day  to  the  next.  I  started
getting  obsessed  with  people's  stories,
and  I  made  some  close  friends  for  the
first  time.  And  after  the  initial  shock,
I  even  got  to  know  my  family,  as  weird
as  that  sounds.  I  made  huge  strides  in
my  career  and  my  ADHD  suddenly  became  a
superpower.  I  could  take  random  thoughts
into  creative  solutions.  My
hyperactiveness  became  initiative  and
enthusiasm.  My  paper  trail  has  covered
my  butt  more  times  than  I  can  count  and
I've  been  known  as  one  of  the  most
reliable  people  in  my  circle.  If  you  can
forgive  me  being  10  to  15  minutes  late
every  time.  You  can  submit  your  own
stories  to  be  featured  here  on  the
channel.  The  story  submission  link  is  in
the  description  below.  And  if  you  want
to  listen  to  some  vibe  music  in  the
background,  check  out  Easy  Mode,  also
linked  below  and  subscribe.
No  antisocial  disorder,  but  a  very
antisocial  person.  I'm  a  diagnosed
autistic  with  chronic  depression  due  to
childhood  mistreatments.  Where  to  start?
I  have  this  intense  need  to  be  alone,
yet  I  hate  to  be  lonely.  I  want  to  have
friends,  yet  I  hate  any  form  of
socializing.  I  feel  like  an  empty  shell.
I  combine  different  pieces  of  behavior
and  information  to  form  some  sense  of
me.  I  feel  like  I'm  a  different  person
depending  on  whom  I  interact  with,  like
some  bem  movie  actor.  So,  I  hide.  I  hide
everything  that  might  make  me  different.
Sometimes  I  fail,  the  mask  cracks,  and
when  that  happens,  I  avoid  or  ghost
those  people.  I  have  no  social  instinct.
Everything  needs  to  be  done  consciously.
I  understand  that's  my  burden.  The  worst
part  is  the  loneliness.  No  matter  how
loving  and  understanding  my  friends,
family,  and  partner  are,  there's  a
lingering  loneliness  I  can  never  shake
off.  I  know  they  love  me,  and  I  try  to,
too.  But  the  majority  of  the  time,  it
just  doesn't  seem  to  reach  me.  No  sense
of  guilt  to  be  found  either.  It's  so
hard  to  explain.  I  see  it  as  most
people's  emotions,  dreams,  souls,  or
whatever  make  them  floating  in  huge
strings  of  soap  bubbles  on  the  winds  of
life.  You  know,  those  kinds  of  bubbles
that  kids  blow.  When  meeting  others,  the
balls  bounce  against  each  other,  and
when  they  become  friends,  the  soap
bubbles  stick.  And  sometimes,  when  we
truly  love  each  other,  our  soap  bubbles
merge  together  into  a  bigger  one.  Now,
I'm  not  in  a  ball  of  soap.  I'm  in  a  hard
plastic  ball,  but  I  can  see  and
understand  the  other  ones.  I  can  see
their  dreams  and  their  beings.  They're
sticking  to  me,  yet  they'll  never  merge
with  me.  Is  that  still  true
understanding?  Something  somewhere  is
disconnected.  Yet,  I  can  see  the  green
grass  on  the  other  side,  never  to  be
reached.  Despite  the  screwed  up  mess
that  I  am,  I  found  an  equally  messed  up
person.  She  suffered  from  physical  and
verbal  attacks  herself.  We  have  great
comfort  and  understanding  in  each  other
through  trauma.  She's  my  people  shield
since  just  existing  on  this  earth  for  5
hours  drains  all  of  my  energy  to  live
here.  I  know  it's  very  hard  on  her.  One
day  I'm  king  of  the  world,  the  other  a
paranoid  maniac.  But  being  with  her,  I
finally  understand  what  happiness  can
be.  I  just  wish  I  had  some  turnoff
button  that  anyone  could  flick  when  I
feel  an  episode  coming  up.  Borderline
personality  disorder  here,  also  known  as
she's  a  psycho  witch,  stay  away  from  her
in  common  media.  I  started  my  current
relationship  before  I'd  been  diagnosed.
I'd  cheated  on  my  previous  two
boyfriends  and  gotten  together  with  the
guy  I  cheated  with.  He  got  me  to  realize
that  my  brain  wasn't  doing  normal
things.  Turns  out  sabotaging  your  own
life  and  having  panic  attacks  at  the
thought  of  people  cancelling  plans  isn't
a  normal  person  thing  to  do.  So,  I  went
to  the  doctor  and  got  diagnosed  with
BPD.  I'd  already  gotten  a  diagnosis  of
depression,  generalized  anxiety
disorder,  and  social  anxiety  disorder  in
the  past  and  was  struggling  with  them  at
the  same  time.  Getting  diagnosed  made
everything  easier.  Suddenly,  I  knew  why
I  panicked  every  time  people  canceled
plans.  Why  my  emotions  seemed  to  never
match  the  situation  and  why  they  were  so
strong.  Why  I  decided  to  sabotage  every
relationship  I  had  by  cheating.  And
knowing  the  reason  behind  the  actions
meant  that  I  could  get  better  and  worked
to  control  my  brain  instead  of  it
controlling  me.  He  helped  me  work  on  my
issues  and  stuck  by  me.  Helped  me  move
out  of  my  parents'  place,  which  meant
getting  away  from  the  conditions  that
had  caused  a  lot  of  my  mental  health
problems  in  the  first  place.  Turns  out
that  getting  away  from  the  source  of
your  bullying  really  helps  with
recovery,  huh?  [clears throat]  We're
still  together  5  and  1/2  years  later  and
looking  to  buy  a  house  together  soon.  We
own  cats  and  have  talked  about  and
ultimately  decided  to  wait  another  5
years  before  starting  a  human  family.
ADHD  here.  Getting  Adderall  changes  your
grades  from  Fs  to  A's.  I  thought  I  was
just  dumb.  Turns  out  I'm  really  smart
and  I  just  needed  help  focusing.  I
thought  about  getting  screened  for  ADD
or  ADHD  because  whenever  I  read  about
their  symptoms,  I'd  constantly  just  go,
"Huh,  this  would  make  a  lot  of  sense."
However,  I've  also  been  diagnosed  with
high  functioning  autism,  which  also
explains  a  lot  of  things  about  me.  And
at  the  screening  for  that,  the  person
said,  "Yep,  you're  autistic,  not  ADD.
I  have  PTSD."  Open  and  honest
communication  is  the  key  to  successful
relationships.  You  see  it  thrown  around
so  often  because  it's  true.  Seeing  a
therapist  has  been  the  biggest  success,
though.  I  found  out  I  have  terrible
codependency.  I  used  to  get  upset,
anxious,  or  jump  through  hoops  trying  to
cheer  up  my  significant  other  when  I
noticed  that  he  was  down  to  the  point  of
getting  upset  if  he  didn't  respond  well
to  my  efforts.  For  anyone  relating  to
this,  this  is  codependency.  Mine  was
caused  by  my  parents  constantly  making
me  responsible  for  their  moods.  Your
mood  should  rely  on  you  only.  Expecting
the  moods  of  others  to  be  a  certain  way
so  you  can  feel  good  is  a  toxic  trait.
The  advice  that  worked  for  me  is  to
remember  to  give  each  other  space  when
this  happens.  Now,  when  I  see  that  my
significant  other  is  down,  I  give  him
space.  I  cook  our  dinner,  clean  up,  and
then  go  do  my  own  thing.  Whether  that's
gardening,  watching  something,  or
reading.  Ever  since  I've  started,  I've
noticed  a  lot  of  tension  has  been
squashed.  The  biggest  success  was  our
bedroom  life,  though.  Almost  every  time
we  did  the  deed,  my  PTSD  alarms  were
going  off,  and  when  I  finally  told  them
about  it,  it  was  during  the  heat  of  an
argument.  So,  it  came  out  all  wrong  and
I  basically  passed  a  complex  onto  my
significant  other  where  he  was  worried
about  it  every  time  we  did  the  deed.  He
stopped  instigating  it  for  a  while
because  of  it.  This  gave  me  some  really
mixed  feelings,  even  to  the  point  that
I'd  convinced  myself  that  he  was
cheating  on  me.  This  was  what
[clears throat]  led  me  to  my  first
appointment  with  my  therapist.
communication  was  thrown  out.  But  she
also  gave  me  pointers  on  healthy  open
communication,  like  one  person  speaking,
one  listening,  and  the  one  listening  not
needing  to  immediately  jump  to  the
defense,  but  rather  just  trying  to  jump
to  an  understanding  of  one  another.
Since  then,  our  bedroom  life  is
basically  as  strong  as  it  was  during  the
honeymoon  phase.  It  feels  like  I've  been
reborn  since  going  to  therapy.  Yeah,  the
diagnosis  is  not  going  to  fix
everything,  but  it  does  seem  to  unlock  a
greater  openness  and  give  you  tools  for
dealing  with  issues  like  this  one  when
they  come  up.  And  thankfully  in  this
case,  it  wasn't  insurmountable.  Happy
for  you.  I  have  a  suspected
disassociative  personality  disorder  that
stems  from  some  very  serious  childhood
trauma.  I've  gone  through  toxic
relationships  that  went  both  ways.  Me
checking  out  and  letting  people  treat  me
however  they  wanted,  even  as  far  as
severe  physical  attacks,  to  just  using
me  for  money  and  doing  the  deed.  3  years
ago,  I  met  my  now  husband  and  he  called
me  out  on  my  crap.  When  I  disassociate,
he  somehow  has  figured  out  how  to  bring
me  out  of  it,  which  takes  a  lot  of
patience  and  kindness  from  his  part.  He
made  me  see  through  my  own  bull  crap  and
to  want  to  be  better.  So,  I  started  with
medication,  started  thinking  things
through,  and  started  truly  facing  the
trauma  that  caused  me  to  be  this  way  and
cope  in  healthy  ways.  It  nearly  broke
us.  3  years  later,  and  while  that's  not
a  lot  of  time,  I  haven't  disassociated
in  a  year.  When  someone  upsets  me,  I  can
calmly  talk  about  what  it  was  and  why  it
upsets  me  and  get  through  it  instead  of
shutting  myself  down  and  functioning  on
autopilot  where  honestly  I'm  heartless.
It  took  a  lot  of  work,  a  lot  of  fights.
Finally  learning  to  cry  again,  finally
digging  to  the  bottom  of  it.  I'm  nowhere
near  done,  but  now  I  want  to  work  it  all
out.  I  want  to  be  better.  It  sucks
sometimes,  honestly.  But  if  I  need  to
rant,  he  listens.  If  I  need  a  hug  or
cuddle,  he's  right  there.  And  I'm  there
for  him,  too.  I  don't  know  if  I'm  a
success  story  or  this  is  the  beginning
of  a  success,  but  I'm  determined  for  the
first  time  in  my  life  not  to  let  this
personality  disorder  be  an  excuse  for
bad  behavior.
One  of  my  good  friends  is  diagnosed  with
narcissistic  personality  disorder,  and
he's  very  open  about  it  and  has  stated
he  had  to  learn  empathy.  He's  very
self-destructive,  but  he  is  the  most
reliable  person  I  know,  and  there  are
many  people  in  his  life  that  would  do
anything  for  him,  myself  included.  His
transparency  helps  us  understand  his
behavior,  and  he  is  always  open  to
discussing  how  his  actions  have  made
people  feel.
Literally,  all  of  my  relationships  were
a  hot  mess  before  I  was  diagnosed  with
borderline  personality  disorder  in  2017.
I'd  been  through  three  divorces,  broken
up  with  my  daughter's  father,  and
totally  messed  up  a  perfectly  fine
potential  long-term  relationship  with
someone  I  really  liked  very  much.  Meds
therapy,  a  DBT  therapy  app  on  my  phone,
and  an  awareness  of  what  is  me  and  what
is  my  BPD.  and  I've  so  far  managed  to
not  make  any  horrific  mistakes  in  my
current  relationship.  He's  amazing  and
I'm  pretty  motivated  to  spend  the  rest
of  my  life  with  him.  What  helps  me  the
most  other  than  meds  has  been  learning
to  self  soothe.  I  can't  stress  that
enough.  If  I  feel  afraid  of  being
abandoned,  I  can't  put  that  off  on  him
other  than  maybe  ask  for  a  bit  of  extra
reassurance.  I  had  to  learn  to  give
myself  positive  self-t  talk  and  to  learn
and  practice  grounding  and  coping
skills.  He's  there  to  support  me  and
accept  me,  not  fix  me  or  be  a  punching
bag  for  my  insecurities.
Diagnosed  with  narcissistic  personality
disorder  a  good  while  ago.  It  hasn't
prevented  me  from  having  good
relationships  with  people.  I'm  fairly
charismatic  and  likable.  I  realize
saying  that  is  a  bit  on  the  nose,  but
genuinely,  I  don't  believe  that  it's
ever  been  the  reason  for  any  of  my
relationships  ending.  At  my  therapist's
behests,  I  do  make  sure  to  tell  anyone
that  I  get  into  a  serious  relationship
with  that,  yes,  I've  been  diagnosed,  and
these  are  some  behaviors  that  you  should
watch  out  for.  I'm  manipulative,  and
it's  hard  not  to  be.  You  figure  out  how
people  are  going  to  react  to  things  in
the  course  of  normal  interaction.  And
once  you  know  that,  how  do  you  not  press
the  buttons  that  get  the  reactions  you
want?  Sometimes  it  can  be  a  hurdle
having  a  partner  watching  for
manipulative  behavior,  even  when  there
isn't  any.  And  I  really  have  to  try  and
understand  my  partner's  emotions.  But
aides  from  that,  I've  had  plenty  of  good
relationships  since  being  diagnosed.  Did
your  bully  thrive  or  crash  after  they
left  school.  She  did  an  insane  amount  of
growing  up  during  college,  including
having  to  uproot  her  whole  life  to  care
for  her  family  after  her  mom  died
suddenly.  She  reached  out  to  me  and
others  I  know  personally  and  directly
addressed  the  bullying.  We  went  out  to
lunch,  she  bought,  and  she  was
incredibly  honest,  apologizing  and
acknowledging  what  she  did  and  why  it
was  wrong.  She's  now  running  a
successful  animal  rescue  organization
with  her  long-term  boyfriend.  And  I  wish
her  nothing  but  happiness.
Went  to  college,  got  into  smack,  lost
his  scholarship,  and  got  kicked  out.
Last  I  saw,  he's  working  construction
and  is  making  duck  faces  on  his  profile
picture  on  Facebook.  He  drove  drunk,  got
in  a  wreck,  and  is  now  paralyzed  from
the  waist  down.  He's  still  a  bully,  but
now  he's  an  online  bully.  The  accident
seems  to  have  made  him  feel  even  more
justified  in  being  a  prick.
One  is  long  dead  from  a  substance  deal
gone  bad.  Another  is  a  big-bellied
deputy  sheriff  who  was  kicked  off  the
force  after  decades  of  questionable
behavior
in  jail  for  attacking  his  girlfriend.
Thankfully,  she  survived.
The  boy  bully  married  the  girl  bully.
They  had  a  kid  and  then  divorced.
Shocking.  Mine,  too,  except  for  the
divorce  part.  I  hope  mine  raised  their
kid  to  be  nicer  to  weirdos  than  they
ever  were.  He's  in  Levvenworth  serving  a
life  sentence  for  murder.  No  one  was
surprised  when  they  found  this  out.  I'm
going  to  be  honest,  I'm  a  bit  disturbed
by  how  many  bullies  apparently  went  on
to  kill  people.  Same  thing  for  my  middle
school  bully,  currently  in  jail  for  a
murder  at  a  substance  deal  gone  wrong.
He  was  the  driver,  but  still  caught  the
murder  charge.  It  was  crazy.  I  saw  an
article  about  how  someone  my  exact  age
from  my  hometown  was  arrested  for  murder
and  made  a  joke  about  how  I  probably
knew  them.  It  was  my  middle  school
bully.  He  was  killed  shortly  after  being
released  from  prison.  He  apparently  had
a  beef  with  someone  and  went  to  their
house  with  a  piece.  He  kicked  in  their
front  door  and  was  immediately  shot  and
killed.  There  you  go,  kids.  The
mentality  of  using  force  to  get  what  you
want,  even  if  you  get  away  with  it  a  bit
in  school,  just  isn't  worth  it  in  the
long  run.  Four  of  our  nine  stories  are
about  these  people  going  to  prison  and
sometimes  not  making  it  to  their  30s
because  of  this  way  of  thinking.  He  died
the  summer  after  graduating  high  school.
Mixed  too  many  substances  and  booze  at  a
party.  very  sad  for  his  younger  brother
who  was  a  great  person  despite  his
brother.  I  kid  you  not,  we  had  a  5-  foot
tall  bully  in  our  school.  He  gained
favor  with  some  of  the  bigger  bullies
and  I  suppose  that  afforded  him  cart
blanch  to  act  like  them.  Anyways,  a  few
short  years  after  high  school,  he  messed
with  the  wrong  guy  at  a  party  and  they
followed  him  home  and  shot  him  dead  on
his  mom's  front  lawn.  Not  to  the  same
extent,  but  there  was  someone  like  that
at  my  school.  Short  little  dude  who  got
a  big  man  complex  because  of  the  bigger
bullies  he  rolled  with.  At  an  aftergrad
party,  he  got  jumped  and  someone  took  a
metal  rod  and  branded  his  leg  after  they
dipped  the  rod  in  the  fire.  After  that
incident,  he  works  for  a  nonprofit  for
kids  with  troublesome  home  situations.
Makes  me  wonder  what  he  had  going  on
behind  the  scenes.
His  father  was  caught  stealing  millions
from  the  community.  Dad  was  a  wealth
manager  and  all  his  clients  were  friends
and  neighbors  in  a  sort  of  small  town.
The  family  was  really  put  through  the
ringer  of  embarrassment  and  the  bully
was  a  wreck  for  a  long  time.  I  guess  he
realized  all  the  wealth  and  arrogance
that  he  grew  up  with  was  stolen  from
everyone  he  knew.  I  saw  him  years  later
and  it  was  like  seeing  a  different
person.  He  had  changed  his  name,  walked
differently,  and  held  himself  with  a
different  posture.  We  spoke  for  a  few
minutes,  and  it  was  almost  like  he  was
genuinely  interested  in  me.  He  didn't  go
out  and  say  sorry  for  what  he  had  done,
but  it  seemed  like  he  wanted  to,  but
thought  it  would  be  techy.  Maybe  I'm
reading  too  much  into  that  interaction,
but  it  was  a  little  weird.  It  was  like
he'd  been  forcing  himself  to  be  an
actual  nice  guy.
The  kid  who  used  to  beat  me  up  every  day
in  third  grade,  I  heard,  crashed  a
motorcycle  and  lost  both  his  testies.
So,  he's  got  that  going  for  him,  which
isn't  nice.  He  now  owns  his  father's
huge,  massively  lucrative  construction
company,  which  is  exactly  what  he  said
he  was  going  to  do.  And  also  let  us  know
how  much  richer  he  was  going  to  be  than
any  of  us.  So,  yeah,  it  sucks  because  it
came  true.  Mine  became  a  professional
football  player  in  the  NFL.  I  get  to
watch  him  on  TV  now.  Frick.
My  bully  from  elementary  school  through
high  school  served  prison  time  for
embezzlement.
They  beat  a  fellow  substance  dealer  to
death  during  a  transaction  gone  bad.  He
was  convicted  of  secondderee  murder  with
depraved  indifference.  Then  the  state
court  of  appeals  changed  the  law
interpreting  the  definition  of  the
charge.  The  federal  court  vacated  the
conviction  finding  that  the  defendant
was  factually  innocent  of  depraved
indifference  murder.  He  agreed  to  plead
guilty  to  the  lesser  charge  of
manslaughter.  So,  he'd  already  served  10
years  and  was  released  after  that  plea.
Judging  from  his  Facebook  posts,  I  know
his  brother.  He  has  a  girlfriend,  a  job,
and  he's  kind  of  cleaned  up  his  act.  I
saw  him  rush  the  field  at  an  NFL  game
and  get  arrested.  Good  times.
Prison  for  killing  people  by  lighting  a
diner  on  fire  back  in  the  late  '7s  and
early  80s.  Just  read  it  in  the  paper  to
no  surprise.  I  think  he  set  it  on  fire
after  hours  just  as  arson,  but  didn't
know  some  staff  were  trapped  in  the
kitchen.  found  out  after  he  got  out  of
jail  years  later  in  Pennsylvania  and  is
now  [clears throat]  in  California  in
prison,  but  not  sure  of  the  crime.
Opened  a  really  stupid  store  in  an
overpriced  mall  in  the  '90s.  Lost  a  crap
ton  of  cash  and  then  control  alt  deleted
himself.
After  years  and  years  of  being  bullied
in  middle  and  high  school  by  one
particular  guy,  I  took  my  dad's  lawn
mower  in  to  get  it  serviced.  And  look
who  we  have  here.  Good  old  racist  f  boy
Sha  walks  up  to  the  counter  covered  in
dirt  and  oil  and  sweat.  He  immediately
knew  who  I  was.  Funny  thing  is,  I'd
hated  this  guy  for  so  long.  I  even  had  a
vision  of  snatching  him  by  his  shirt
over  the  counter  and  beating  his  face
into  the  ground.  I  was  a  skinny  skater
punk  now.  Nothing  was  said  between  us
during  that  interaction  other  than  the
services  I  needed.  When  I  went  to  go
pick  up  the  lawn  mower  a  week  later,  he
asked  me  to  step  outside.  In  my  mind,
I'm  thinking,  "This  is  it.  I'm  going  to
pummel  this  guy."  He  lit  up  a  cigarette
and  for  about  15  minutes  apologized  for
how  he  treated  me  in  middle  school  and
high  school.  He  told  me  about  how  he  was
brought  up  and  how  he  was  never  as  tough
as  he  made  out.  After  high  school,  he
went  to  the  military  and  was  forced  to
work  with  other  races.  He  even  explained
that  his  hatred  towards  people  that
weren't  white  faded  away  because  of  the
Marines.  He  said  he'd  been  screwed  over
more  by  his  own  race  now  than  others  and
started  to  think  about  his  ideology.
He's  a  humble  guy  now  with  regrets,  but
he's  man  enough  to  admit  his  faults.  We
shook  hands  and  even  hugged.  I  haven't
seen  him  in  about  10  years,  but  if  I  do
see  him  again,  I'll  still  shake  his
hand.  For  whatever  freaking  reason,  he
asked  me  out  a  few  years  after
graduation.  That  guy  bullied  me.  I  had
this  happen  to  a  friend.  She  ran  into
our  mutual  bully  at  a  party  in  college.
He  was  hitting  on  her  and  she  was
ignoring  him.  She  finally  told  him  to  f
off  using  his  name.  Apparently,  he  was
shocked  to  realize  she  knew  him.  She
apparently  asked  him  why  he  thought
she'd  ever  be  interested  in  hooking  up
with  someone  who  bullied  her  so  much
back  in  grade  school.  Apparently,  his
response  was  something  like,  "Wow,  I  was
such  a  jerk  back  then."  They  murdered
someone  and  are  now  in  prison.  She
became  an  influencer  and  has  tons  of
followers  because  people  think  she's
really  funny  because  of  how  stupid  she
is.  She  kind  of  has  a  Paris  Hilton
persona  going  on.  Very  rich,  spoiled
girl  pretending  to  be  stupid  and  knowing
nothing  about  the  world.  It's  not
surprising  to  me  at  all  that  high  school
bullies  can  be  good  as  influencers.  They
live  for  their  crowd's  validation.  And
now  with  the  internet,  they  can  have
much  more  than  their  local  crowds.
Mine  is  now  some  sort  of  spiritual  guru.
So  judging  by  how  many  of  these  bullies
just  continue  to  not  learn  anything  and
keep  to  their  exploitative  ways,  there's
a  fairly  good  chance  that  this  is  a
grift  rather  than  genuine  spiritual
reform,  right?  I  mean,  they  could  have
had  a  revelation,  but  I'd  be  uneasy
seeing  a  former  bully  in  a  position  of
power  like  this.  My  middle  school  bully
from  my  class  got  hit  by  a  car  and
didn't  go  to  school  for  a  whole  year.
Then  he  skipped  school  for  the  next
year,  literally  the  entire  year.  Then  he
finally  got  expelled  and  I  never  saw  him
or  heard  anything  about  him  from  then
on.  He's  on  Facebook  constantly  crying
about  how  unfair  life  has  been  to  him.
He  also  said  he  won't  go  to  our  10-year
high  school  reunion  because  he  was
bullied  by  the  buttholes  that  are  now
organizing  the  reunion.  When  I  commented
and  reminded  him  of  how  he  bullied  me,
he  just  said,  "At  least  I  didn't  make
you  as  sad  as  they  made  me."  Completely
delusional.  I  kind  of  feel  bad  for  him.
The  autistic  kid  beat  him  in  Spanish
class  within  an  inch  of  his  life.
Flipped  over  the  desk,  picked  the  guy's
body  up,  and  slammed  him  kidneys  first
onto  one  of  the  legs.  Johnny  was  just
your  normal  happygolucky  video  game  fan.
We  went  to  see  the  original  Mortal
Kombat  movie  in  theaters  when  it  came
out.  It  was  my  second  movie  going
experience  ever.  I  was  just  a  newly
transplanted  immigrant,  and  Johnny  was
the  only  kid  who  didn't  pick  on  me.  He
was  cool.  Johnny  was  heavy  set  with
glasses.  Juan  was  in  a  gang.  Real  cholo
looking  dude.  He  and  his  friends  were
terrors  on  the  school.  In  retrospect,
I'm  sure  Juan  had  a  terrible  upbringing
because  he  took  it  out  on  everyone
around  him.  For  months,  he  kept  picking
on  Johnny.  Months.  Juan  was  a  scary  guy,
and  I'd  gotten  into  my  share  of  scraps,
but  I  wanted  no  part  of  it  with  him.
This  behavior  went  unchecked.  Juan  broke
J's  glasses,  and  it  was  just  persistent.
I  don't  remember  all  of  it  other  than
Johnny  just  becoming  more  and  more
reclusive  with  time  and  he  was  always
bruised  in  some  way,  shape,  or  form.  One
day  in  Spanish  class,  Juan  said
something  to  Johnny  about  his  mom.  This
was  before  the  bell  rang  for  class  to
start.  That  was  the  final  straw.  I
remember  Jon  letting  out  this  guttural
primal  scream  and  lunging  from  his  desk
towards  Juan.  Johnny  began  hammerfisting
Juan  all  over  the  head,  his  shoulders,
and  arms  like  freaking  Goro  would  in
Mortal  Kombat,  just  unleashing
everything  he  had  on  this  jerk  gang  kid.
There  came  a  point  where  Juan  looked  out
of  it  like  a  limp  noodle,  and  that  was
when  Jon,  still  possessed  by  his
unrelenting  rage,  flipped  the  desk  over
and  underhand  flipped  and  body  slammed
Juan  onto  one  of  the  legs  of  the  desk.
Juan  let  out  this  horrible  cry  of  agony,
and  that  was  that.  The  teacher  walks  in.
They  call  the  campus  police  and  the  rest
is  a  blur.  I  don't  remember  what
happened  to  Jon  after  this  as  I  never
saw  him  again.  But  I  do  remember  hearing
from  an  acquaintance  back  several  years
that  Juan  was  in  jail  for  aggravated
robbery.  I  guess  he  didn't  learn  his
lesson.  Thank  you,  Johnny,  for  being  a
friend  and  for  not  judging  me  while  I
learned  the  language  here  and  adjusted
to  my  new  life.  I  hope  all  is  well  with
you.  You  can  submit  your  own  stories  to
be  featured  here  on  the  channel.  The
story  submission  link  is  in  the
description  below.  And  if  you  want  to
listen  to  some  vibe  music  in  the
background,  check  out  Easy  Mode,  also
linked  below  and  subscribe.
Full  ride  scholarship  through  football
to  a  D1  college.  Scouted  by  an  NFL  team
in  high  school.  Just  had  to  make  it  four
years  in  college.  Then  he  attempted  the
unspeakable  act  on  a  girl  at  the
college.  Went  on  the  run,  had  several
warrants,  got  into  an  argument  back  in
his  hometown  that  led  to  a  firearm
discharge,  and  now  he's  in  prison.  So,
my  bully  was  a  guy.  I'm  a  chick.  And  he
was  relentless  from  kindergarten  through
middle  school.  Peaked  in  middle  school.
He'd  stick  his  leg  out  and  trip  me  when
I'd  walk  by,  then  laugh.  Crap  like  that.
He  annoyed  everyone.  Imposed  on  your
personal  space.  Would  tell  lots  about  me
to  others  so  they  wouldn't  like  me.  It
really  bothered  me  deeply  because  I
couldn't  understand  what  I  had  done  to
have  someone  so  adamant  about
humiliating  and  hurting  me  publicly,
too.  Well,  after  middle  school,  he
disappeared  to  some  other  school  and  I
slowly  repressed  it  all  and  forgot  about
him  in  my  active  thoughts.  Then  I  got  my
first  apartment  with  a  friend  and  a  real
job  and  was  going  to  college.  I  was
sitting  on  my  new  couch  in  my  new  place
watching  To  Catch  a  Predator  like
everyone  did  back  then.  Next  up  on  To
Catch  a  Predator  and  I  hear  his  name.  I
hear  the  scumbag's  name  and  there  he  is
walking  in  to  meet  someone  very
inappropriate  who  he  has  very
incriminating  text  conversations  with.  I
couldn't  believe  it.  I  stood  up  and
screamed  aloud.  I  felt  so  vindicated  for
the  feelings  of  hatred  and  inability  to
forgive  him  as  a  younger  girl.  Justice
served.
He's  selling  mobility  scooters  and
supporting  his  stepchildren.  He  was
bullied  at  home  and  I  was  an  easy
target.  Back  then,  I  fantasized  about
revenge  and  now  I  appreciate  that  he  was
crying  out  for  help.  I'm  never  going  to
be  friends  with  him,  but  I'd  shake  his
hand  and  wish  him  well  any  day.
Mine  became  the  CEO  of  the  company  he
started  in  after  college.  He's  the
chairman  of  the  local  football  team  and
runs  the  beach  cleanup  crew  every  month.
Always  has  a  smile  and  has  clearly  just
kept  on  growing  up.  Local  politician.
I  do  fine  now.  I  was  a  stupid  kid  that
did  stupid  things  to  a  boy  who  didn't
ask  for  it.  We  ended  up  being  friends
after  he  had  the  courage  to  call  me  out.
I  got  suspended  and  both  of  our  mothers
agreed  to  meet  and  to  force  us  to  spend
time  together  to  get  to  know  each  other.
I  never  was  more  grateful  to  someone
than  those  two  women.  My  mom  obviously,
but  also  his  mom.  She  was  a  tall  and  fat
lady  who  seemed  really  cold  and  severe
at  the  first  glance.  Understandable  as
I'd  beaten  up  her  son,  but  ended  up
being  like  a  second  mother  to  me.  She
showed  me  that  even  trashy  humans  like
me  can  become  better  if  given  a  second
chance  in  the  right  conditions.  And  that
lesson  will  stick  with  me  forever.
Agnes,  I  miss  you.  No  idea.  I  left  town
and  never  looked  back.
My  bully  and  his  buddy  drowned  and  it
made  me  sad  that  I'm  a  foreigner  and
didn't  speak  much  English  and  couldn't
defend  myself  much  so  I  just  took  it.
This  was  in  the  late  '9s  and  I've  moved
on  but  he  didn't  get  to.  Goten  in  an
argument  over  a  parking  spot  and  got
himself  shanked  to  death.  Many  years
after  graduation,  I  found  out  that  he
became  a  local  cop  in  the  town  we  grew
up  in.  It  was  the  least  surprising  thing
to  everybody.  He  became  a  Disney  Channel
star,  started  a  YouTube  channel  with
creators,  exploded,  and  now  he's  in
boxing.  Wait,  Jake  Paul?  Yes,  I  did  have
to  Google  this  commenter's  sentence  to
get  to  the  Wikipedia  page,  but  that's  at
least  a  big  name  that  I  recognize.  Well,
if  he's  like  any  of  the  other  child
stars,  he's  statistically  probably  kind
of  unhappy.  So,  you  have  your  karma
right  there.  My  bully  died  from  his
substance  addiction.  Don't  be  a  bully.
Get  help  in  your  area.  If  you  go
somewhere  and  they  don't  seem  helpful,
find  another  organization  or  walk  into
an  emergency  department  and  ask  for
help.  There  are  good  people  out  there
working  towards  pro-social  means.  Don't
give  up.  I  saw  him  walking  in  front  of
my  family's  house,  certain  he  was
passing  by  while  I  was  playing  with  my
daughter  and  her  cousins.  He  gave  me  a
little  wave  and  I  thought  I'd  just  wave
back  just  to  be  nice.  He  messaged  me
later  on  Facebook  and  said  he's  glad  I'm
doing  better  than  him.  Long  story  short,
he  told  me  his  ex-wife  and  he  are  having
a  serious  custody  battle  with  their  kid
and  recently  got  a  DUI,  which  got  him
into  a  deeper  hole.  He  basically  said,
"Don't  end  up  like  him.  As  much  as  I
hope  he  gets  better,  Karma  really  is  a
witch."
Not  necessarily  my  bully,  but  this  one
kid  at  my  school  made  everyone's  lives
miserable.  He  was  an  absolute  bag  of
crap.  Hadn't  heard  anything  about  him
for  years  until  I  flicked  on  a  Guy
Richie  film  and  he  was  in  it.  Turns  out
he's  now  gone  on  to  be  a  semisuccessful
actor.  I  actually  hold  no  resentment
because  the  kid  was  pretty  messed  up.
His  mom  was  dead  and  his  father  was  this
bullying  alcoholic.  So  fair  play  to  him
for  breaking  the  mold.  He  became  good
and  now  we  are  not  beefing.
He  coasts  on  daddy's  cash  and  is  now  one
of  the  not  too  rich  but  still  rich  dags
revving  a  generic  2013  BMW  M320  on  all
his  Instagram  stories.
became  the  president  of  a  small
Christian  college.
The  worst  one  I've  ever  met  in  my  life
never  exactly  had  his  own  comeuppance.
His  father  was  wealthy  from  being  the
assistant  harbor  master  in  one  of  the
largest  fishing  communities  in  the
country,  so  he  never  exactly  had  to
work.  From  what  I've  heard,  he  lives  off
his  family's  wealth  while  being  a
hobbyist  photographer.  His  parents  did
get  divorced  and  his  substance  addicted
mother  passed  away.  Another  little
monster  who  was  a  year  older  than  me
died  at  21  when  he  fell  off  a  200t  cliff
while  hunting  with  his  girlfriend's
family.  This  other  kid  who  tormented  me
non-stop  at  Boy  Scout  camp  enlisted  in
the  army.  He  was  injured  and  is  now
partially  paralyzed,  living  a  secluded
lifestyle  under  his  family's  watch.  The
Boy  Scout  bully's  close  friend,  who  was
very  antagonistic,  was  busted  4  years
ago  during  an  FBI  dark  web  sting
operation  for  trafficking  substances.
He's  awaiting  sentencing.  He  ended  up
being  my  direct  manager  at  a  serving
job.  And  to  be  honest,  he  was  one  of  the
best  managers  I've  ever  had.  Well,  I  saw
this  question,  so  I  just  looked  him  up.
He  makes  YouTube  videos  for  work  in  the
vein  of  Andrew  Tate.  He  has  212
subscribers  and  lives  in  his  mom's
house.  I  recognized  it  from  the  videos.
You  know  what?  I  don't  care  enough  about
them  to  keep  tabs.  I've  grown  into  a
healthier  person  than  I  used  to  be,  and
I  like  the  distance  between  us.
One  of  them  died  trying  to  bully  a  big
tree  while  driving  50  mph.  The  tree
wasn't  impressed  and  decided  to  bully
him  right  on  back  by  not  moving  out  of
the  way  just  before  the  bully  attempt.
I'd  like  to  hug  the  tree,  but  I  don't
know  exactly  where  it  happened.  My
elementary  school  bully  in  South  Korea
for  context  continued  being  the  bully
till  high  school.  Somehow  he  ambushed
and  beat  the  untouchable  student  while
this  guy  was  alone.  It  turned  out  that
the  untouchable  student  was  a  Korean
mafia  son.  A  bunch  of  black  cars  parked
up  at  his  apartment.  Burly  guys  armed
with  metal  pipes  and  bats  would
constantly  waltz  around  the  neighborhood
and  make  the  bully's  family  life  hell.
The  apartment  neighbors  got  fed  up  being
terrified  of  the  mafia  at  their
neighborhood  and  the  cops  just  flat  out
refused  to  show  up  until  the  mafia
dispersed.  So  things  got  to  the  point
where  the  neighbors  pressured  the
bully's  family  to  move  out  at  once.
Never  heard  of  what  happened  after  they
moved.  Not  entirely  sure  why  the  bully
did  that.  Maybe  due  to  his  pride.  maybe
approve  he  is  the  Jang,  the  old  Korean
term  for  a  student  who's  the  toughest
and  strongest  brawler  who'd  constantly
challenge  or  be  challenged  by  other
classes  and  other  schools.
Mine  got  shipped  off  to  Baghdad  in  the
early  2000s  and  never  came  back.
Mine  always  bullied  everyone  who  wasn't
a  football  player,  jock,  or  cowboy.  He
honed  in  on  me  because  I  was  a  nerd  and
more  feminine.  Turns  out  he  had  major
major  regrets  about  everything.  And  at
his  last  class  reunion,  he  was  two  years
ahead  of  me.  He  tried  apologizing  to
people  and  a  lot  of  people  wouldn't
forgive  him  for  what  he'd  done.  A  lot  of
it  was  borderline  charges  that  should
have  been  filed  against  him.  I'm  pretty
sure  he  put  a  couple  of  kids  in  therapy.
Well,  after  a  lot  of  people  wouldn't
take  his  apology,  I  guess  he  went  into  a
fairly  major  depression  and  ended  up
control  alt  deleting  himself  and  left  a
letter  stating  that  he  hated  who  he  was
and  how  he  treated  people  and  the  pain
he  inflicted  on  everyone  and  that  he
couldn't  live  with  himself  anymore.  The
really  sad  thing  is  I  did  run  into  him
not  too  long  before  this  and  he  did
apologize  to  me,  which  I'm  surprised
that  he  recognized  me  because  I'm  a
female  presenting  person  now.  I'd
accepted  and  told  him  I  didn't  hold
anything  against  him.  He  really  seemed
sincere  and  like  it  changed.  But  I
understand  how  some  couldn't  forgive  the
trespasses  he  made  upon  them.  Sad  all
the  way  round.  This  is  why  everyone  just
needs  to  be  nice  to  everyone,  even  if
you  don't  like  them  or  like  what  they  do
or  whatever.  These  stories  always  end  in
unnecessary  sadness  or  the  end  of  a
life.
He  was  an  anti-bully.  He  was  built  like
a  tank  and  had  crazy  eyes.  Everyone  was
afraid  of  him,  even  the  biggest,  baddest
bullies.  Yet,  he'd  help  anyone  in  need
and  hated  bullying.  If  you  got  messed
with,  you  could  ask  for  his  help,  even
if  you  didn't  know  him.  He  was  a  giant
with  a  heart  of  gold.  Last  I  heard  of
him  is  that  he  was  a  private  contractor
in  a  war  zone  and  got  mixed  up  in
smuggling.  He  later  fell  off  the  face  of
the  earth.  Rumors  say  that  he  got  shot
down  in  the  middle  of  nowhere.  Others
say  that  he's  sipping  panina  colada  on  a
tropical  beach  with  no  extradition
treaty.  He  wasn't  exactly  my  bully,  but
we  had  a  few  fist  fights.  He  bullied
pretty  much  everyone  else  who  was  afraid
of  him.  He  started  to  take  substances  at
the  age  of  13  or  14.  At  18,  he  had  the
face  of  a  60-year-old  with  cancer.  He
was  in  prison,  rehab,  prison,  rehab,  and
went  to  [clears throat]  prison  again
because  somehow  he  had  a  sword  and
destroyed  a  kid's  bike.  His  parents
locked  him  outside  when  they  weren't  at
home  because  he  stole  and  sold
everything  to  have  money  for  substances.
One  day  when  we  were  about  17  or  18,
suddenly  everyone  stopped  talking  about
him.  We  lived  in  the  same  neighborhood
and  the  street  that  he  lived  on  was
quiet.  People  started  to  go  outside
without  fear,  so  he's  probably  dead  or
very  far  away  now.  When  did  you  see
someone  so  ungrateful  they  made  you  just
give  up  on  being  nice?
Today  is  my  niece's  birthday  and  she
just  went  to  college,  so  I  thought  I'd
get  her  a  laptop  for  her  birthday.  Now,
I'm  a  student  myself,  but  I  still  want
to  give  her  something  special.  So,  I
searched  for  a  great  used  laptop  and  I
found  a  decent  Toshiba  satellite.  I  sold
my  PlayStation  Portable  and  some  other
things  so  that  I  could  afford  it.  So,  we
were  there  at  the  dinner  table,  opening
presents.  She  opened  mine  and  had  this
grim  look  on  her  face.  Oh,  this  is  it?  I
thought  you'd  buy  me  a  new  one.  You
know,  I  can't  afford  one.  This  is  the
best  I  can  do.  I  want  a  brand  new  one,
not  this.  This  sucks.  Worst  present
ever.  She  then  shoved  the  laptop  and  box
across  the  table  and  it  fell  on  the
floor.  I  picked  it  up  and  just  walked
out.  My  cousin  tried  to  stop  me  and  I
just  said,  "I  will  never  give  her
anything  ever  again."  She  even  had  the
nerve  to  call  back  and  ask  for  the
laptop.  Apparently,  her  parents  had
punished  her  for  her  behavior  and  she'll
now  have  to  buy  her  own  things.  No
handouts  or  gifts.  My  friend  bought  it
back  from  me  as  a  favor.  He  helped  to
pick  it  out  and  knows  how  much  I  bought
it  for.  The  profit  was  only  about  $10
roughly.  Update:  My  niece  called  again
this  morning  asking  for  the  laptop
because  she'll  need  it  for  college  and
her  parents  are  still  holding  firm  on
her  never  being  handed  out  stuff  while
she's  there.  No  apology  yet,  only
demands.  Her  brother  said  I'd  cave  and
give  it  to  her.  Freick  no  and  freick  you
niece.  I  always  wanted  to  believe  this
kind  of  behavior  only  happens  on
television.  I  mean,  you're  getting  free
stuff.  How  can  you  not  like  that?  I  get
socks  for  Christmas  and  I  get  freaking
excited.  Freaking  free  socks,  man.  A
couple  of  years  ago,  a  friend  and  I  were
driving  across  the  country  in  a  big
moving  truck  full  of  my  mom's  furniture.
We  had  been  on  the  road  for  about  18
hours  on  the  second  to  last  day  of  the
trip  and  stopped  at  a  rest  stop  to
stretch  our  legs  and  use  the  bathroom.
Sitting  at  the  rest  stop  late  at  night
was  an  entire  family,  dad,  and  two  young
kids,  and  their  car,  which  was  obviously
broken  or  otherwise  not  working.  Feeling
like  I  should  try  and  help,  I  asked  the
father  what  was  wrong,  and  he  told  me
they'd  run  out  of  gas  and  just  needed  to
get  to  the  next  town,  which  was  about  40
mi  away.  I  couldn't  leave  the  rest  stop
with  that  family  stranded.  So,  my  friend
and  I  got  back  in  the  truck  and  drove
the  40  mi  to  the  next  town,  bought  gas
and  a  can,  and  drove  all  the  way  back  in
a  huge  moving  truck.  The  whole  trip  back
and  forth  took  us  about  an  hour  and  a
half.  And  by  the  time  we  got  to  the  rest
stop,  we  were  both  about  to  pass  out.
Well,  the  family  was  still  there  waiting
and  I  hopped  out  to  give  them  the  gas
they  needed  so  badly.  I  handed  the  can
to  the  father  and  he  looked  at  me  and
said,  "I'd  rather  have  the  money."  This
caught  me  off  guard  as  the  money
wouldn't  have  helped  get  them  anywhere.
But  it  was  then  that  it  dawned  on  me
that  he  never  wanted  gas  to  begin  with
and  he  probably  even  had  some  in  the
car.  He  was  just  fishing  for  cash  and
using  his  kids  as  the  bait.  I  felt
really  bad  for  the  mom  as  she  was  just
looking  at  me  the  whole  time  with  this
expression  of  I'm  so  so  sorry.  I  was  at
loss  for  words  since  the  dad  didn't  even
want  the  gas  we'  just  driven  over  an
hour  to  get  for  them.  I  just  set  the  gas
can  on  the  ground,  got  back  in  the
truck,  and  left  feeling  like  a  giant
idiot.  This  is  why  so  many  people  are
jaded  about  helping  out  other  people.
Admittedly,  myself  at  times,  too.  It's
gross  behavior  and  a  terrible  example  to
set  for  your  kids.  My  cousin  gave  my  son
a  broken  PlayStation  2  for  his  birthday.
I  fixed  it.  I  just  needed  to  clean  the
optic  on  the  player.  Then  the  cousin
asked  for  it  back.  I  absolutely  told  him
no.  I  delivered  a  pizza  in  a  low-income
type  apartment  complex.  The  total  was
$18  something  and  she  just  handed  me  a
20  rolled  up  and  told  me  to  keep  the
change.  I  turned  around  and  started
walking  down  the  stairs  back  to  the
parking  lot  while  unrolling  the  $20  to
put  in  my  watt  of  cash  when  I  find  a
$100  bill  wrapped  up  inside  of  the  20.
Immediately,  I  turned  around  and  went
back,  knocked  and  said,  "I  don't  think
he  meant  to  include  this  inside  the  20."
As  I  extended  my  hand  towards  her  with  a
$100  bill  in  it,  she  immediately  started
screaming  at  me  about  how  she  didn't
give  me  no  $100  tip  and  that  I'm  lucky
she  doesn't  call  the  police,  slammed  the
door,  then  called  my  pizza  shop  to
complain.  I  told  the  manager  the  whole
story.  She  was  put  on  the  do  not  answer
list.  Crazy  lady.  I  had  something
similar  happen  at  an  ATM.  The  guy  before
me  had  pulled  out  what  looked  like  400
bucks  and  then  walked  away  without
taking  the  cash.  I  didn't  realize  what
had  happened  at  first,  so  by  the  time  I
put  two  and  two  together,  he  was  out  of
the  store.  I  grabbed  the  money,  ran
after  him,  and  caught  him  in  the  parking
lot.  I  handed  him  the  cash,  and  he
violently  grabbed  it  from  me  and  started
talking  crap  about  me  trying  to  steal
his  money.  He  started  getting  in  my  face
when  his  friend  mentioned  that  before
he'd  ever  met  me,  he  was  $400  down.  Then
I  came  along  and  he's  back  to  even,
ending  with,  "What  the  freak  is  wrong
with  you?"  The  guy  never  thanked  me,  but
his  friend  did.  When  we  were  young,  we
were  very  poor.  My  sister's  birthday  was
coming  up.  I  think  she  was  about  seven.
There  was  no  money  to  buy  gifts,  but  my
mother  had  a  small  piece  of  white  satin
cloth  and  a  box  of  tiny  little  pearl
beads.  She  had  hand  sewed  this  beautiful
little  wedding  gown  for  my  sister's  doll
and  sat  up  night  after  night  hand  sewing
these  tiny  little  beads  on  the  dress.
When  my  sister  was  given  it  for  her
birthday,  she  threw  it  across  the  room
in  disgust,  saying,  "I  don't  want  that.
It's  my  old  dolly."  I'll  never  forget
the  heartbreak  on  my  mother's  face.
The  stories  in  this  thread  make  me
afraid  that  when  I  have  kids,  they'll  be
spoiled  brats.  Oh,  don't  be  afraid.  It's
something  you  can  control.  It's  up  to
parents  to  teach  their  kids  grace  and
humility.  Look,  my  parents  didn't  say  no
to  my  siblings  arrive  very  often.  We
were  spoiled,  but  we  certainly  weren't
brats  about  it.  And  I  think  there  were
two  key  things  to  this.  First,  before  we
were  allowed  to  play  with  any  toy  or
gift  we  received,  we  had  to  write  a
thank  you  note  for  it.  And  nothing
loweffort  in  the  thank  you  notes.  They
had  to  be  sincere  and  take  up  the  whole
gosh  darn  card.  Doing  that  makes  you
think  long  and  hard  about  why  someone
would  choose  something  for  you,  what
they  intended,  and  what  you  like  about  a
present  that  might  otherwise  befuddle
you.  Second,  if  you  didn't  react  with
grace  and  gratefulness,  you  didn't  get
to  keep  the  gift.  End  of  story.  If  you
reacted  like  a  real  brat,  you  didn't  get
to  keep  any  of  them.  They  were  harsh
with  this  rule,  too.  Even  a  sour  face
could  get  the  gift  revoked.  As  a  kid,
you  learn  real  quickly  that  gifts  are  a
privilege  and  a  gesture.  You  always
respond  with  a  smile  and  a  heartfelt
thank  you,  even  if  your  odd  relative
just  gave  you  items  from  her  pantry
ramped.  She  gave  them  generously.  You
respond  kindly.
A  girl  in  my  high  school  received  a  used
car  on  her  16th  birthday.  She  was
unhappy  with  the  fact  that  it  was  a
3-year-old  car.  She  intentionally
totaled  it.  Her  thinking  was  that  if  she
totaled  this  one,  her  parents  would  have
to  buy  her  a  new  one.  She  didn't  get  a
new  car  and  had  to  ride  the  bus.  I  knew
a  girl  who  did  that,  too,  except  with  a
nice  little  Ranger.  It  was  a  couple  of
years  old,  but  had  all  of  the  bells  and
whistles  except  four-wheel  drive.  That
wasn't  good  enough  for  her,  so  she
wrecked  it  intentionally.  She  fractured
her  neck  and  had  to  walk  around  with  a
cervical  collar  for  a  couple  of  months.
And  then  her  parents  brought  her  a  piece
of  crap  1980  Ford  Escort.
When  I  was  15,  a  girl  in  my  driver's  ed
class  turned  red  and  stood  up.  She  put
her  hands  to  her  throat,  couldn't  make  a
sound.  Her  eyes  looked  crazy.  She  was
choking  on  a  piece  of  candy.  Everyone
looked  for  one  beat,  two  beats,  and  I'm
like,  "What  the  hell?"  And  I  stand  up,
walk  over  two  tables,  and  give  her  the
himlick.  On  the  second  attempt,  the
candy  flies  out  like  10  feet  like  in  a
movie  or  something.  She  starts  gasping
and  balling.  It's  a  big  scene.  She
thanks  me.  The  next  day  at  class,  when
our  parents  are  picking  us  up,  she's
walking  down  the  hall  with  her  white
trash  mom.  They  walk  up  to  me.  I'm
expecting  a  thank  you  from  the  mom  or
something.  I've  never  seen  this  lady
before.  And  as  she  gets  close,  she
starts  yelling,  "What  did  you  think  you
were  doing?  You  aren't  a  doctor  or  a
nurse.  You  could  have  broken  her  ribs.
You're  lucky  I  don't  get  a  lawyer  and
sue  your  family.  I  still  might.  And  it
went  on  and  on  like  that  for  about  5
minutes.
I  used  to  work  for  a  local  car
dealership.  I  was  selling  the  cheapest
car  on  the  lot  to  a  dad  and  his
daughter.  It  was  a  2,000  Dew  for  $3,000.
She  was  so  excited  to  have  her  own  car
and  it  was  what  her  dad  could  afford
her.  At  the  same  time,  another
salesperson  was  selling  a  brand  new
Eddie  Bower  Explorer  to  a  dad  as  a
present  to  his  daughter.  As  I  was
presenting  the  dewoo  to  the  new  owners,
the  daughter  of  the  other  dad  comes  in
to  see  her  new  explorer.  She  started  an
absolute  tantrum  and  yells,  "I  didn't
want  an  explorer.  I  wanted  an
expedition."  I  was  really  proud  of  the
dad  of  the  explorer.  As  he  walked  back
into  the  finance  office,  he  changed  the
deal.  He  corroborated  with  the  guy
buying  the  dew  and  switched  the  names.
So,  the  girl  crying  over  her  Explorer
now  had  a  crappy  dewoo.  And  the  girl  who
was  really  grateful  to  have  a  car  ended
up  with  a  fully  loaded,  paidoff
explorer.  I  would  never  have  believed  it
if  I  hadn't  been  the  salesperson.
It  does  stretch  credul  as  you  say,  but
my  god,  that  is  one  heck  of  a  tale  of
instant  karma  if  it's  true.  I  can't  ever
imagine  having  that  much  money  that  I
could  laugh  off  an  expense  like  that.
But  good  on  the  guy  for  doing  his  best
not  to  pass  on  rich  person  entitlement
to  his  daughter.  Valentine's  Day  2004.
Now,  I've  never  given  two  craps  about
Valentine's  Day,  but  my  girlfriend  at
the  time  had  never  been  in  a  serious
relationship  and  wanted  a  special
Valentine's  Day.  I  was  more  than  happy
to  oblige  for  her.  That  day,  I  went  to
the  local  flower  nursery  where  I  used  to
work  and  bought  two  dozen  red  roses  and
grabbed  an  unused  delivery  invoice.  I
still  had  the  uniform,  just  a  t-shirt
and  hat,  but  enough  to  make  me  look  like
a  legit  delivery  person.  I  then  spent  my
entire  paycheck  on  gifts  for  her  and
food  for  dinner.  everything.  Balloons,
decorations,  red  and  pink  cutesy  crap,
and  several  expensive  gifts,  including
an  iPod  and  a  new  camera.  I  went  back  to
her  house  and  decorated  everything,
transforming  her  kitchen  and  living  room
into  what  looked  like  a  display  at  the
mall.  I  even  did  the  rose  petals  on  the
bed  thing  because  I  was  sure  my  efforts
would  lead  to  a  romantic  evening.  I
looked  up  her  class  schedule  to  figure
out  where  her  class  was.  We  had
different  majors,  and  I  proceeded  to
burst  in,  pretending  to  be  a  delivery
person.  I  gave  her  the  roses  and  a  teddy
bear  in  front  of  her  entire  class,  even
going  so  far  as  to  make  her  sign  the
fake  delivery  invoice.  It  was  her  last
class  of  the  day,  so  I  knew  she'd  be
heading  home  afterwards.  I  raced  out  of
there  so  I  could  get  there  first,
change,  and  start  cooking  dinner.  I  got
there  maybe  20  minutes  before  she  did,
and  everything  was  going  to  plan.  She
was  upset  when  she  walked  in  the  door.
"Why  didn't  you  wait  for  me  after
class?"  she  said.  I  told  her  I  wanted  to
start  dinner  before  she  got  home  and
finished  decorating  the  house.  "Oh,  I
really  wanted  to  go  out  for  dinner
tonight.  can't  we  go  out  for  dinner?  I
explained  that  I  was  going  to  make
something  special  at  home  and  had  in
fact  already  started  cooking.  She  looked
at  the  table  full  of  presents  and  the
house  full  of  decorations  and  just
sighed,  disappointed.  I  really  wanted
this  to  be  a  special  Valentine's  Day.
Just  this  once.  I  was  really  hoping  we
could  have  a  special  day  together,  but  I
guess  not.  In  short,  spent  800  bucks  on
Valentine's  Day,  put  on  a  great  show,
and  it  wasn't  good  enough.  Never  again.
You  can  submit  your  own  stories  to  be
featured  here  on  the  channel.  The  story
submission  link  is  in  the  description
below.  And  if  you  want  to  listen  to  some
vibe  music  in  the  background,  check  out
Easy  Mode,  also  linked  below.  And
subscribe.
When  I  was  younger,  I  worked  at
Blockbuster.  I  was  the  night  shift
manager,  and  one  night  I  was  working  by
myself  when  a  customer  walks  up  and
handed  me  a  woman's  wallet.  He  says  he
found  it  on  the  ground.  I  peaked  inside
to  find  an  ID  and  membership  card  so  I
could  look  up  her  account  and  phone
number.  Sure  enough,  she  had  been  in  the
store  about  30  minutes  earlier,  so  I
gave  her  a  call.  She  seemed  pleased  on
the  phone  and  said  she'd  be  right  in.
Store  policy  for  something  like  that  was
to  lock  the  item  in  the  safe  until  the
customer  arrives.  I  did  so  and  went
about  my  business.  About  an  hour  later,
the  woman  comes  in  and  asks  for  her
wallet.  I  tell  her  it's  going  to  be  15
minutes  as  the  safe  was  timed,  and  I
asked  her  to  wait.  This  was  apparently
unacceptable,  and  she  asked  if  I  could
get  it  faster  than  that.  I  told  her  no
and  continued  helping  other  customers
while  she  waited.  Once  the  safe  beeped,
I  grabbed  her  wallet  and  handed  it  to
her.  I  had  to  put  a  line  of  customers  on
hold  while  I  did  this  because  I  wanted
her  out  of  the  store  ASAP  since  she  had
spent  the  last  15  minutes  fuming  and
standing  right  next  to  my  register.  As
soon  as  I  hand  her  the  wallet,  she  says,
"My  money  had  better  be  in  there."  I
explained  that  honestly  I  had  no  idea  as
I  didn't  open  it  all  the  way  as  her
membership  card  was  on  an  outer  flap.
This  was  one  of  those  larger  wallets
that  was  more  like  a  mini  purse  with
lots  of  flaps  and  zippers  and  such.
After  handing  it  to  her,  I  asked  for  the
next  customer  in  line  to  step  up  and
basically  tried  ignoring  her.
Unfortunately,  she  began  screaming,  "My
money  is  gone.  You  stole  my  money."
Which  really  surprised  me  as  she  was  a
pretty  normal  looking  soccer  mom  type.  I
asked  the  customer  in  front  of  me  I'm
helping  to  wait  a  second  and  explained
to  her  that  the  wallet  was  handed  to  me
and  reiterated  that  I  had  not  personally
opened  the  wallet  any  further  than  the
first  flap.  She  starts  screaming  again,
saying  there  were  over  $200  in  it  and
that  she  was  calling  the  police.  I  shrug
and  tell  her  to  go  ahead.  At  this  point,
I'm  completely  satisfied  to  ignore  her.
She  walks  to  the  back  of  the  store  and
whips  out  her  cell  phone.  I  continue
helping  the  line  as  the  customers  are
looking  back  at  this  woman  as  she's
loudly  calling  the  cops.  Most  of  the
customers  got  up  to  the  front  of  the
line  and  went  like,  "What  a  witch."  And
that  kind  of  comment.  I  just  shrugged
and  smiled.  After  the  line  was  cleared,
the  lady  came  back  to  the  register  and
told  me  with  a  super  smug  look  that  the
police  were  on  their  way.  "Okay,"  I  say,
and  I  give  her  a  I  don't  give  an  f  shrug
and  ignore  her  while  checking  in  movies.
About  an  hour  later,  a  cop  finally
enters  the  store.  This  lady  has  waited
right  next  to  my  register  again  the
entire  time,  and  she  starts  waving  at
him  and  pointing  at  me  the  same  time.  I
see  the  cop  and  roll  my  eyes  and  shake
my  head.  He  asks  her  to  repeat  her
story.  And  as  she's  repeating  it,  he's
almost  completely  ignoring  her  and
watching  the  football  game  that  we  have
playing  on  our  Direct  TV  kiosk.  After
she  gets  done,  he  looks  at  me,  rolls  his
eyes,  and  asks,  "Did  you  take  the
money?"  "Of  course  not,"  I  say.  "I'm
sorry.  There's  nothing  we  can  do,  Mom,"
the  cop  says,  and  leaves  the  store.  As
he  leaves,  he  holds  the  door  open  for
her  and  tells  her  to  leave  if  her
business  is  complete.  I  smiled  super
big,  like  a  cheshier  cat  big,  and  told
her  to  have  a  super  day  as  she  left.
After  she  left,  I  bought  pizza  with  the
200  bucks  I  took.  I'm  just  kidding.  But
I  almost  wish  that's  how  the  story  ended
after  she  embarrassed  me  like  that  for
close  to  2  hours.  I  helped  my  workmate
move  house,  hung  over  after  far  too  much
tequila.  I  moved  all  of  his  crap,  his
boyfriends  and  his  roommates  stuff,
basically  myself  as  they  were  all
useless.  Took  almost  12  hours.  That  jerk
didn't  even  buy  me  a  beer,  food,  or
anything  all  day.  Then  he  fobbed  me  off
when  I  asked  for  help  to  move  myself.
[snorts]  then  had  the  nerve  to  ask  for
help  when  he  moved  out  again.
I  bought  my  cats  some  gourmet  food  and
they  looked  at  me  like  I  was  trying  to
poison  them.  Cretins,  well,  on  the  one
hand,  I  sympathize  with  you,  but  on  the
other  hand,  you  probably  should  have
seen  that  coming.  I  love  cats,  but  they
are  complete  jerks.
This  is  one  of  my  favorite  stories  of
instant  justice.  My  mother's  friend
threw  his  daughter  a  birthday  party.
This  was  a  fairly  affluent  family,  so
she  got  a  big  party  with  all  of  her
friends.  And  this  girl  got  a  lot  of  nice
stuff.  She  got  dolls,  a  dollhouse,
various  toys,  and  a  freaking  horse.  With
all  of  the  riding  gear  and  the  promise
of  lessons,  and  everything  she  could
ever  need  for  that  horse,  this  brat  got
what  millions  of  little  girls  all  over
the  country  dream  of.  And  you  know  what
she  did?  She  flipped  the  crap  out
because  it  was  the  wrong  dollhouse.  She
got  a  horse  and  she  threw  a  massive
screaming  temper  tantrum  over  the
enormous  dollhouse.  Now,  I'll  digress  a
little  bit  and  tell  you  about  her
father.  Her  dad  came  from  Africa  to  the
US  as  a  refugee.  Most  of  his  friends  and
family  were  killed.  This  guy  not  only
competed  in  the  Olympics,  but  worked  his
butt  off  to  become  a  doctor  of  some
kind.  As  one  might  expect,  he  did  not
take  kindly  to  his  daughter's  obvious
lack  of  appreciation  for  her  privileged
lifestyle.  So,  he  cut  that  crap  right
out.  He  canled  the  party  right  then.  The
guests  still  got  to  eat  cake  and  keep
their  party  favors  on  top  of  an  apology
for  his  daughter's  behavior.  He  packed
up  all  of  the  toys  and  took  them  back  to
the  store.  He  took  the  horse  back  and
grounded  the  crap  out  of  his  spoiled
little  girl.  In  short,  guy  buys  daughter
a  horse  and  other  stuff.  Daughter  flips
out  over  a  dollhouse  and  the  guy  takes
everything  back.  I  have  quite  a  few  I
could  tell  about  my  little  sister,  but
I'll  stick  with  two.  My  mom  bought  her
numerous  laptops,  iPhones,  and  cameras
on  the  condition  that  she  took  care  of
them.  Every  single  one  was  broken  in  a
month  or  two.  Bought  her  a  $900  digital
SLR  that  she  knows  I've  been  coveting
for  years  because  my  sister  claimed  she
was  going  to  take  a  photography  course
at  school.  She  got  the  camera,
complained  that  she  didn't  get  any  other
presents  that  day,  used  it  for  a  day,
and  then  let  it  sit  around  for  6  months.
She  uses  it  now  for  pictures  on  her
Tumblr,  but  she  told  my  mom  she  intended
to  take  a  photography  course  and  she  can
only  use  the  damn  thing  on  auto.  For
Easter,  I  spent  a  couple  of  hundred
buying  her  tons  of  Hunger  Games  stuff
and  random  stuff  for  an  Easter  basket
because  I  stupidly  wanted  to  do
something  nice,  I  guess.  I  just  picked
random  stuff  over  the  course  of  a  few
months  that  I  thought  she'd  like.  She
was  upset  that  my  mom  wouldn't  be  doing
baskets  anymore  because  she  was  15.  She
threw  a  tantrum  after  she  opened
everything  because  Easter  sucked  because
we  wouldn't  hide  Easter  eggs  for  her  or
hide  plastic  ones  filled  with  money  like
her  friend's  parents  did.  She's  15  for
freick's  sake.  I  haven't  gotten  her  a
damn  thing  since.  I  bought  my  mom  a
MacBook  Air  to  pay  her  back  for  years  of
caring  for  me.  And  my  sister  threw  the
biggest  temper  tantrum  ever.  She  clawed
at  my  mom's  face  and  tried  to  steal  her
car  because  it  wasn't  fair  that  my  mom
got  something  nice  for  the  first  time
ever,  literally  ever.  My  sister  has
since  accidentally  broken  her  laptop,
hoping  that  I'd  buy  her  one,  too.  Not
going  to  ever  freaking  happen.  Sorry,
that  turned  into  a  bit  of  a  rant.  My
older  sister,  Amanda,  is  extremely
spoiled.  My  dad  practically  worships  the
ground  she  spits  on.  Well,  she's  about  9
years  older  than  me,  so  of  course  she
was  able  to  do  more  things.  I  used  to
help  my  mom  at  a  restaurant  every  day
when  I  was  about  5  to  8  years  old.
Because  I  was  so  young,  people  would
give  me  tips  throughout  the  day.  When  my
mom's  shift  ended,  she'd  walk  me  next
door  to  the  bank  and  I'd  deposit  my
earnings.  By  the  time  I  was  eight,  I  had
a  little  over  800  bucks  saved  up.  May
came  around  and  my  sister  was  going  to
turn  17.  For  her  birthday,  she  wanted  a
crap  ton  of  hair  styling  stuff  and
makeup.  Well,  my  father  had  other  plans.
He  convinced  me  into  letting  him  borrow
my  800  bucks  and  combined  it  with  his
500.  He  then  went  out  and  bought  a  cheap
car  for  a,000  and  used  the  other  300
bucks  for  seat  covers,  new  tires,  and  a
new  stereo.  On  May  5th,  we  gave  my
sister  the  car  and  she  threw  the  biggest
witch  fit  ever.  She  wanted  nothing  to  do
with  the  car,  so  she  sold  it  for  700
bucks.  Dad  got  his  500  back.  Amanda  got
200  to  spend  on  hair  crap.  And  I  got
nothing.  Just  a  rant  from  an  ungrateful
jerk.  My  spouse  used  to  have  an  old
Mercedes  E-Class.  It  was  like  1995  or
something.  He  wanted  to  give  it  away  to
my  little  cousin  as  a  first  car  because
it  was  safe,  reliable,  and  my  little
cousin's  parents  couldn't  afford  to  buy
their  kid  anything  big  like  cars.  So,  we
gave  her  this  car  and  she  freaked  out
like  the  niece  in  our  first  story  did.
She  started  going  on  about  how  we  were
going  to  go  out  and  buy  a  new  one  and
she  wanted  a  new  one,  too.  So,  my  spouse
took  the  keys  away  from  her  and  gave
them  to  her  older  brother  right  in  front
of  her.  The  reason  we  didn't  give  it  to
him  in  the  first  place  was  because  he
had  an  old  Honda  that  he  had  paid  for
himself.  However,  it  was  falling  apart
and  needed  a  lot  of  work  to  keep  it
safe.  We  even  volunteered  to  pay  for  his
insurance  in  his  first  year  of  college
just  to  spite  his  little  sister.  Oh,
that  felt  real  good.  We  haven't  bought
my  female  cousin  anything  in  over  3
years.  We  don't  even  send  her  a  birthday
card.  If  you  act  like  that  when  someone
gives  you  something,  you  clearly  aren't
worthy  of  anything.  I  work  for  a  not
for-p  profofit  and  we  have  cookouts  for
people  in  poverty.  They  complain  so  hard
that  we  buy  generic  soda  or  don't  have
quote  good  cheese  for  their  burgers.  One
time  we  gave  away  thousands  of  pairs  of
shoes  in  the  city.  The  what  is  this  crap
complaints  outnumbered  the  thank  yous
about  20  to1.  This  is  from  people  who
came  up  without  shoes  to  collect  them.
Well,  this  is  embarrassing.  When  I  was  a
kid,  I  was  homesick  from  school  one  day.
My  mom  told  me  she'd  go  rent  a  movie  for
me  to  watch.  Expecting  a  cartoon.  I  got
really  excited  since  I  love  cartoons.
And  back  then  they  were  seldom  on  TV.
She  came  home  and  had  bought  a
live-action  film.  I  was  so  disappointed.
I  cried  and  yelled  for  a  while  and  said
I  didn't  want  to  watch  it.  She  was  like,
"Fine,  I'll  watch  it  on  my  own."  When
she  started  watching  it,  I  pretended  not
to  watch,  but  I  couldn't  help  not
watching  it.  Turns  out  it  was  the  best
movie  I'd  ever  seen.  It  made  me  both
appreciate  live  action  films  and
convinced  me  my  mom  always  knew  what  was
best  for  me.  The  movie  was  Back  to  the
Future.
What  crazy  accusation  did  someone  make
up  about  you  at  work?
I'm  on  the  keto  diet  that  requires  me  to
drink  a  metric  crap  ton  of  water.  So,  I
carry  around  a  one  liter  nalgene  bottle
at  all  times.  I'm  a  mid-level  manager  at
a  60  person  company.  At  the  end  of  the
workday,  on  the  way  out,  I  pass  the
water  cooler  and  I  fill  my  bottle  up  for
the  commute  home.  Yesterday,  I  was  doing
just  that  when  our  office  manager  walked
up  and  said  the  following.  You're
leaving  for  the  day.  Water  is  for
employees  to  drink  when  they're  working
in  the  office  only.  I  laughed  it  off,
finished  filling  my  bottle,  and  headed
home.  I  genuinely  thought  she  was
kidding,  or  at  the  very  worst,  having  a
crappy  day  and  lashing  out.  She  wasn't.
Today,  I  get  into  the  office  with  an
email  from  her  to  myself,  my  boss,  who's
our  CEO  and  founder,  and  our  HR  person,
saying  that  I'm  stealing  from  the
company,  that  I  didn't  stop  filling  my
water  bottle,  and  immediately  apologize
when  confronted,  and  that  she's
officially  reporting  this  behavior  and
asking  to  have  it  documented.  Needless
to  say,  we  all  had  a  pretty  good  laugh
about  it.  My  boss  called  me  in  hysterics
and  could  barely  form  a  sentence  he  was
laughing  so  hard.  And  somebody  wrote,
"Is  proper  hydration  good  for  the
company  on  my  water  bottle?"  Our  office
manager,  however,  is  just  walking  by  my
office  and  glaring  since  then.  In  short,
I'm  the  Daniel  Ocean  of  our  office  water
cooler.  Ooh,  update.  This  morning,  there
was  a  fancy  new  Ngene  bottle  on  my  desk
and  the  crazy  office  manager  came  by  and
said  that  she  was  having  a  crazy  week
and  apologized.  I  showed  her  this
comment.  Laughs  were  had  and  all  is  now
good  in  my  office  world.
time  clock  thievery  while  doing
volunteer  work.  It  was  a  simple
volunteer  gig,  no  major  organization  and
nobody  was  keeping  track  of  hours  for
anything.  It  was  not  courtmandated.  We
were  cleaning  up  at  the  end  of  the  day
and  I  answered  a  phone  call.  The
supervisor  got  all  angry  and  said,  "Get
off  the  phone.  That's  time  clock
thievery.  By  god,  this  man  can  steal
time  itself."
After  working  at  Subway  for  5  years,
three  of  those  as  manager,  I  was  accused
of  turning  off  the  cameras  in  the  store
and  getting  blazed  in  the  cooler.  I  quit
shortly  after.  Turned  out  the  owner  was
trying  to  set  me  up  to  fire  me.  I  once
used  the  phrase  more  than  one  way  to
skin  a  cat  around  a  manager  who  had
never  heard  the  phrase.  She  called  me
into  her  office  later  to  ask  why  I  was
saying  such  a  disgusting  thing,  accused
me  of  being  a  sicko  who  killed  animals,
and  then  threatened  to  fire  me  if  she
heard  anything  like  it  ever  again.
[laughter]
I  mean,  I  would  hope  that  once  it  was
explained  that  it  was  a  common  saying
that  they  might  back  down,  but  I  guess
there  are  some  cat  people  who  would
probably  be  incapable  of  hearing  this
without  bursting  into  tears.  So,  who
knows?
I  was  working  retail  at  Best  Buy  at  the
time,  and  they  had  me  working  in  MP3
players  and  cell  phones,  despite  the
fact  that  DVDs  and  video  games  were
really  more  my  wheelhouse.  But  I  went
and  worked  where  they  told  me,  and  I  did
my  job  well.  During  Christmas  season,  it
got  really  busy,  so  everyone  was  running
around  helping  every  department.  I  was
hanging  out  in  my  own  section  when  a
woman  came  over,  asked  me  about  some
headphones,  and  I  helped  her.  She  then
asked  me  if  the  Dance  Dance  Revolution
Madcats  mat  she  bought  for  her  daughter
was  any  good  and  I  asked  if  she  has  any
of  the  games.  She  didn't.  I  showed  her  a
slightly  more  expensive  but  better  copy
of  a  Konami  mat  with  a  game  and  she
thanked  me  and  she  didn't  even  know  she
needed  a  game  with  it  and  went  off.  My
department  manager  came  up  behind  me,
tells  me  to  meet  him  in  the  break  room
in  5  minutes  and  rips  into  me.  He  says
that  the  department  with  the  best
revenue  gets  bonuses.  It's  only  true  for
him,  by  the  way,  not  for  the  rest  of  us
below  him.  and  tells  me  off  for  helping
customers  in  other  sections  get  more
expensive  things.  He  says  he'd  be
shocked  if  I  made  it  past  winter.  I  just
say  yes,  sir.  And  go  back  to  work.  Come
January,  I  get  fired  by  department
manager  recommendation.  So,  when  you  go
to  Best  Buy,  know  that  all  the
departments  have  their  own  agendas  with
you.  I  had  an  employer  of  mine  write  me
up  for  stealing  trash.  In  reality,  at
the  end  of  my  shift,  one  of  my  duties
was  to  gather  all  of  the  trash.  Often
times  I'd  pick  through  said  trash  and
sort  out  all  the  paper,  pop  cans,  and
water  bottles  in  our  company's  recycle
bin.  We  had  a  special  promotion  with  our
trash  company  in  which  our  company  would
get  money  based  on  the  number  of  pounds
we  recycled.  It  ended  up  being  $1,500
per  month,  and  we  didn't  pay  our  trash
bill.  So,  long  story  short,  I  got  a
final  write  up  for  stealing  company  time
for  sorting  our  recyclables.  So,  I
stopped  the  following  month,  and  our
manager  was  then  angry  that  she  had  to
pay  a  trash  bill.  She  called  the  trash
company  and  the  company  told  her  that
the  past  2  years  she  didn't  pay  for
trash  because  our  company  would  recycle
so  much  and  we'd  get  a  $1,500  check  and
free  trash  service.  My  boss  thought  that
the  checks  were  a  bonus  for  her.  Anyhow,
the  district  manager  was  reviewing  the
write-ups  and  saw  that  I  got  written  up
for  stealing  trash,  so  he  called  me  up
and  asked  me  what  was  going  on.  I  told
him  the  story  about  the  trash  company
and  their  promotion.  He  congratulated  me
for  a  job  well  done.  The  next  day,  he
flew  in  to  talk  to  my  manager.  He  asked
her  what  happened  to  the  $20,000  she  got
from  the  trash  company.  Apparently,  she
tried  to  pin  it  back  on  me  and  our
district  manager  promptly  fired  her.
After  escorting  her  out,  he  called  me
into  the  office.  He  told  me  what
happened  in  that  meeting  and  offered  me
a  promotion  to  assistant  manager.  I  was
called  a  racist  because  I  didn't  really
talk  to  or  interact  with  any  of  my
fellow  employees  beyond  what  was  needed.
I  had  to  explain  to  my  boss,  who  was
also  black,  that  I  wasn't  racist.  I  just
didn't  talk  to  this  one  girl  because  she
was  incredibly  annoying.
So,  I  got  accused  of  stealing  a  salad.  I
worked  as  a  cashier  at  a  grocery  store
while  in  high  school.  Because  that
scheduled  me  6  and  1/2  hours,  I  only
qualified  for  a  15-minute  break,  not  a
30-minute  one.  So,  I  spent  the  first  8
or  so  minutes  of  my  break  on  the  phone
with  a  mechanic  working  out  issues  with
my  car.  I  then  ran  back  to  the  little
cafe  near  the  back  of  the  store  that  has
a  salad  bar  and  made  a  quick  salad,
which  he  weigh  and  price  there.  By  this
time,  I  had  about  5  minutes  left  on  my
break,  and  the  manager  was  very  strict
about  not  going  over  your  15  minutes.
So,  I  stood  at  the  cafe  register  for  a
good  minute,  and  no  one  was  to  be  found.
I  quickly  ate  my  salad,  then  took  the
sticker  up  to  the  front  registers  to  pay
for  the  $1.99  salad.  I  go  back  on  the
clock,  and  about  20  minutes  later,  I  was
called  into  the  office.  They  say  a
situation  has  occurred,  but  don't  tell
me  what.  They  said  they're  sending  me
home  for  the  day.  So,  I  came  back  in  the
next  day  for  my  shift,  and  they  called
me  into  the  office  again.  Waiting  for  me
in  the  office  is  the  store  manager,  the
assistant  manager,  the  office  manager,
the  cafe  manager,  and  my  shift
supervisor.  Mind  you,  I'm  a  16-year-old
kid  at  their  first  job  who  had  never
been  in  any  sort  of  trouble  before.  They
accused  me  of  stealing  the  salad
because,  despite  purchasing  the  salad,
as  our  records  do  indicate,  you  consumed
the  salad  before  the  purchase.  I
explained  to  them  how  the  cashier  at  the
cafe  was  nowhere  to  be  found  and  how  if
I  wanted  to  eat  during  my  break  at  that
point,  I  would  have  had  to  eat  it  back
in  the  cafe  and  then  pay  for  it  up
front.  They  tell  me  to  go  home  and  that
they'll  be  contacting  me  tomorrow
regarding  if  I  keep  my  job  or  not.  I
left  in  tears,  but  then  got  really  angry
at  the  severe  overreaction.  So,  I  came
back  in  an  hour  later  and  told  them  that
I  quit.  I  worked  in  a  souvenir  shop  at
an  amusement  park.  It  was  the  4th  of
July,  one  of  the  busiest  days  because  of
the  park's  fireworks  show,  and  we  were
also  understaffed.  The  shop  was  just
inside  the  gate,  so  we  would  get  swamped
just  before  closing  as  people  bought  the
stuff  they  didn't  want  to  walk  around
with  all  day.  I  was  left  alone  in  the
shop  just  before  closing  time,  running
the  cash  register  as  people  flowed  in.
It  was  utter  chaos.  While  closing  out
the  register  that  night,  I  noticed  that
a  large  stuffed  animal  had  been  stolen.
The  manager  couldn't  fathom  that  one
person  manning  a  swamped  store  couldn't
prevent  theft  because  not  all  of  the
displays  are  within  sight  of  the
register.  I  think  it  must  have  been  a
team  effort  with  one  or  two  people
getting  my  attention  in  one  area  while
the  other  one  walked  off  with  the  toy.
But  I  didn't  say  that  because  I  didn't
really  know  how  or  when  it  happened.  The
butthole  accused  me  of  being  in  on  it
and  looking  the  other  way  while  a  friend
stole  it  so  we  could  profit  later.  I
didn't  even  know  what  to  say.  I  was  17.
It  was  my  first  job,  and  I  cried  for
days  under  the  assumption  that  every  job
I'd  ever  hold  down  would  be  like  that
one.  Don't  those  things  just  have  a
gigantic  markup,  but  cost  the  shop
almost  nothing  to  buy  in?  I  don't  know
for  sure,  but  I  think  most  amusement
park  giant  toys  are  cheap  as  all  heck,
although  that  might  just  be  the  ones  you
win  in  the  rigged  games.  I  used  to  work
at  a  retail  store,  and  I  had  a  beard.
One  day,  my  boss  told  me  to  get  rid  of
my  beard,  so  I  came  back  the  next  day
with  a  mustache.  I  was  then  told  I  had
an  attitude  problem.  I  had  a  regional
manager  do  that  to  me  once.  He  was  in
our  store  almost  every  day  and  saw  me
growing  the  beard  and  never  said  a  word.
Then  once  when  I  was  in  trouble  for  not
driving  40  m  during  a  tornado  alert  to
see  a  training  video,  he  ordered  me  to
shave  off  my  beard  as  I  have  a  no  beards
policy.  When  I  pointed  out  other  store
managers  had  beards,  his  response  was,
"They  had  beards  when  I  hired  them."  My
boss  thought  I  was  goofing  off  in  the
restroom  for  a  few  months  there.  He
wouldn't  let  me  flush  the  toilet  until
he  came  in  and  made  sure  I  actually  used
it.  I  would  certainly  call  that  a
hostile  work  environment.  I'm  a  freaking
grown  man  and  there's  no  way  I'm  going
to  let  anyone  inspect  my  duties  like  I'm
some  kind  of  toddler.  Are  you  a  grown
man?  Because  you  just  used  the  word
duty.  I  digress.
Back  when  I  was  in  high  school,  I  worked
for  my  town's  parks  department.  One
time,  my  boss,  who  was  a  total  sleasball
creep  to  every  girl  there  and  hated  me
for  not  being  female  mostly,  he  calls  me
into  his  office.  While  there,  he  accused
me  of  stealing  a  $3  check  and  then  says
that  I  have  to  be  let  go.  I  tell  him
point  blank  that  if  I  was  to  steal  from
the  department,  it  would  be  something  a
lot  more  than  a  measly  $3  check.  What
the  heck  would  I  do  with  that  anyway?
Later  on,  I  find  out  from  a  friend  of
mine  that  he  found  the  check  underneath
his  desk.  And  then  a  month  later,
someone  finally  reported  to  him  for  his
behavior  with  the  women,  and  he  got
fired,  too.  Karma  is  a  witch.  Yo,  last
night,  my  manager  called  me  stupid  and
uneducated  for  not  cheating  a  customer
out  of  $15  due  to  a  computer  error.  She
thought  it  was  obvious  that  I  should  lie
about  the  error  and  garner  another
whopping  $15  for  the  struggling
hospitality  industry.  Today,  I'm  going
in  for  a  meeting  to  get  scolded  for  not
lying,  and  I'm  pretty  sure  I'm  going  to
burst  into  tears.  Screw  that.  Hold
strong  knowing  that  you  did  the  right
thing.  You  saved  a  person  15  bucks  that
they  shouldn't  have  had  to  spend.  That's
2  hours  of  minimum  wage  where  I  live.
You  made  the  company  look  great,  and  I
wouldn't  doubt  that  you  just  secured  a
lifelong  customer.  You  did  the  right
thing.  Don't  let  fups  bring  you  down.
You  have  the  right  to  have  a  witness
present  for  that  conversation.  Be  sure
to  ask  your  manager  to  reiterate  their
exact  words  from  the  night  before  and
write  down  everything  that's  said.
Assure  your  boss  that  your  human
resources  department  will  be  informed  of
every  detail.  See  how  far  your  boss
takes  the  conversation  afterwards.  Don't
allow  someone  to  treat  you  with
disrespect  because  they  have  a  position
of  authority  over  you.  They  have  bosses,
too.  You  can  submit  your  own  stories  to
be  featured  here  on  the  channel.  The
story  submission  link  is  in  the
description  below.  And  if  you  want  to
listen  to  some  vibe  music  in  the
background,  check  out  Easy  Mode,  also
linked  below,  and  subscribe.
My  first  job  with  the  state  was  awful.
My  supervisor  was  an  idiot  in  every
sense  of  the  word.  I  remember  once  I  was
called  into  a  meeting  with  our  bureau
chief.  He  asked  us  some  questions  about
office  matters  and  my  supervisor  flat
out  made  up  lies  about  me  that  were
completely  against  my  character.  I
couldn't  hold  my  frustration  in  and  I
blew  up  at  her.  I  told  my  bureau  chief
that  I  wasn't  there  to  play  childish
games  and  then  walked  out  of  the
meeting.  I  did  end  up  winning  that  one
and  got  a  promotion  that  paid  twice  as
much  as  that  terrible  supervisor.  It  was
one  of  those  awesome  revenge  moments
where  nobody  got  hurt.
In  one  of  my  darker  life  periods,  I  was
doing  part-time  tech  support  for  a  dinky
computer  shop  here  in  town.  The  owner
was  a  pill  popping  nut  job  that  kept  a
loaded  gat  in  a  drawer  in  the  front  desk
and  regularly  cheated  his  customers.
Anyway,  I'm  working  one  day  and  one  of
the  other  techs  who'd  been  there  forever
and  a  half  tells  me  to  go  install  a
modem  in  some  guy's  computer.  I'm
shaking  my  head  because  this  is  2009  and
I  can't  believe  anyone  would  be
requesting  a  modem.  I  asked  him  if  he's
sure  before  I  go  out  there.  He  said  he
was.  So,  I  went  out  and  sure  enough,  he
doesn't  need  a  modem  at  all.  He  needs  a
wireless  card  or  adapter.  I  call,  go
back  to  the  store,  get  the  card,  head
back  to  the  customers,  install  it,  head
back,  and  yell  at  the  guy  for  being  an
idiot.  As  common  sense  would  tell  anyone
reasonably  competent  that  he  didn't  need
a  modem.  Long  story  short,  next  week  the
boss  came  in  and  fired  me  because  the
other  guy  made  up  some  absolute  crap
about  me  drilling  a  hole  in  a
motherboard  to  fix  a  PC,  which  made  no
sense  whatsoever.  On  my  way  out,  I
rolled  my  eyes  and  said,  "Fine,
whatever."  Grabbed  my  stuff  and  left.
The  owner  freaks  out  and  follows  me  into
the  parking  lot,  yelling  and  screaming
and  ranting  and  raving  and  trying  to
pick  a  physical  fight.  I  just  calmly
walked  to  my  car,  went  home  and  had  a
beer.  I  found  out  later  that  shortly
thereafter,  the  other  guy  was  busted  for
fraud  and  the  owner  went  bankrupt.
Shortly  before  taking  way  too  many
substances  for  one  person  and
self-deing.
When  I  worked  at  Circuit  City,  I  had  an
80  GB  iPod  that  my  dad  had  given  me
because  he  no  longer  needed  it.  It  was
practically  brand  new.  Even  when  I  first
plugged  it  into  my  computer,  it  came  up
as  Richard's  iPod.  Well,  one  day  it  was
in  my  purse  that  I  kept  under  my  counter
while  I  was  working.  It  went  missing.  I
couldn't  understand  how  it  had  gotten
stolen.  It  had  been  one  of  the  slowest
days  ever.  Nonetheless,  I  was  pretty
freaking  bummed  out  about  it.  This
happened  during  a  time  where  the  case  we
kept  iPods  in  was  broken  and  it  was
horribly  easy  to  steal  them  and  many  had
gone  missing.  Fast  forward  to  a  few
weeks  later.  My  coworker  told  me  that  my
recently  left  for  another  job  department
manager  thought  I  was  the  one  stealing
iPods  and  that  he  got  into  my  purse  when
I  wasn't  looking  and  took  it  to  check
the  serial  number  but  never  gave  it  back
because  I  was  flipping  out  and  causing  a
bit  of  a  scene  walking  around  asking
everyone  if  they'd  seen  anyone  take  it.
I  was  freaking  livid.  I  can  tell  you.
Folks,  if  you're  so  afraid  of  admitting
that  you're  wrong  that  you're  going  to
straight  up  just  commit  theft,  then  you
really  need  to  take  a  good  look  at
yourself  and  head  to  a  therapist's
office.  That  is  after  you  give  back  the
80  GB  iPod  that  in  the  late  2000s  was
worth  an  ungodly  amount  of  money.  Right.
Several  years  ago,  I  was  working  for  a
sporting  goods  store  as  the  customer
service  desk  guy.  Mostly  what  I  did  was
returns  and  some  special  stuff  with
ticket  master  and  hunting  and  fishing
licenses.  While  it  wasn't  a  glamorous
job,  I  did  like  it  because  I'm  an
outdoorsy  guy,  so  the  clientele  were  fun
to  talk  to.  One  day,  we  were  informed  we
were  getting  a  new  general  manager  as
the  old  one,  who  was  decent  but  distant,
was  being  transferred.  The  new  manager
was  a  raving  harpy  butthole  seawword.
She  enjoyed  making  employees  upset,
didn't  give  a  flying  frick  about  our
customers,  did  nothing  to  improve
anything  about  the  store,  and  kept  the
other  managers  in  her  office  with
endless  meetings  about  quote  improving
the  store.  After  a  few  months  of  this
bull  crap  and  seeing  some  of  the  high
school  girls  hired  to  work  in  shoes
crying  after  her  ranting  at  them,  I  had
enough.  I  wrote  a  rather  eloquent  letter
to  corporate  about  her  behavior  and
actions  and  had  several  employees  sign
it.  Two  days  later,  several  regional
higher-ups  arrived  and  proceeded  to  chew
her  out  big  time.  She  was  suspended  for
two  weeks  and  told  that  if  the  store
didn't  improve  within  the  next  quarter,
she'd  be  fired.  But  that's  just  the
beginning  of  the  story,  dear  listener.  I
thought  I'd  won,  but  no,  I  had  not.
Apparently,  she  found  out  it  was  me  who
wrote  the  letter.  She  probably  got  told
by  one  of  the  other  employees.  I'm  not
so  sure.  And  she  was  out  for  revenge.
She  got  into  the  computer  system  and
started  to  fake  records  showing  I've
been  selling  gift  cards  to  myself,
pocketing  the  cash  difference  and  then
buying  merchandise  with  those  cards,
mostly  candy  and  pop  and  small  stuff,
which  she  was  probably  pocketing  since
our  counts  weren't  ever  off.  She  then
called  in  loss  prevention,  who  weren't
doing  their  jobs  too  well  because  they
didn't  look  closely  at  the  files  and
their  last  edited  dates.  Yay  for  Windows
NT  office  because  they  believed  her  and
called  in  the  county  sheriffs.  Two
deputies  came  in,  looked  over  the
evidence.  To  their  credit,  they  asked,
"Are  you  sure?"  And  can  you  explain  this
several  times,  and  I  got  the  feeling
they  were  unsure  about  the  whole  mess.
Nice  guys,  too.  They  offered  to  take  me
out  through  the  back  instead  of  parading
me  past  customers.  They  let  me  have  a
cigarette  before  we  left  and  were
generally  courteous  and  respectful.
Anyway,  I  ended  up  getting  arrested  on
felony  theft  charges.  Taken  to  jail,
booked,  the  whole  shebang.  I  was  in
tears  for  pretty  much  3  days.  But  I  knew
this  was  bull  crap.  So  I  went  to  my
parents  to  help  hire  a  lawyer  for  me.  I
told  him  the  whole  story  and  said,
"Under  no  circumstances  were  we  pleading
out  to  anything."  He  said,  "Okay."  And
set  up  a  meeting  with  the  DA  to  talk
about  motions  and  such.  When  we  arrived,
the  DA  was  all  smiles  and  very  polite.
He  informed  me  that  the  paperwork  wasn't
quite  done  yet,  but  they  were  dropping
all  charges  and  filing  false  report
charges  against  my  old  manager.  The
investigators  had  looked  over  the
evidence  and  found  that  A,  the  files  for
almost  3  months  worth  of  thefts  had  been
edited  on  two  days,  neither  of  which  I'd
been  present  for,  but  that  she  had,  and
B,  they'd  all  been  edited  from  her
computer,  a  computer  I  didn't  have
access  to.  And  C,  several  of  the  thefts
occurred  on  days  when  I  was  in  the
system  as  being  out  of  state  on
vacation.  I  felt  a  lot  happier  after
that  and  felt  even  better  when  my  ex-
boss  was  found  to  have  fled  the  state
and  checked  herself  into  a  mental
hospital  for  a  nervous  breakdown.  She
was  eventually  brought  back,  charged,
and  convicted.  Last  I  saw,  she  was  an
assistant  manager  at  a  gas  station.
While  I'm  now  a  federal  firefighter  and
in  school  to  become  a  police  officer,
and  I'll  make  damn  sure  I  read  out  every
bit  of  evidence  put  in  front  of  me,  it's
only  after  I  saw  her  pumping  gas  that  I
could  claim  victory  over  her.  I  worked
in  retail  as  a  cashier  at  a  pet  store
for  a  long  time.  And  occasionally,  when
there  was  nothing  going  on,  I  just  grab
a  couple  of  tennis  balls  and  juggle  them
to  keep  myself  amused.  I'm  pretty  good
at  it.  I  can  do  three  in  all  sorts  of
ways  without  looking  at  it  or  thinking
about  it.  So,  I  converse  with  customers
perfectly  normally  when  needed  to,  and
most  of  them  find  it  funny.  If  I
suspected  otherwise,  I'd  stop  before
they  even  made  it  close  to  conversation
range,  and  I'd  done  it  long  enough  that
I  was  a  pretty  good  judge  of  that  kind
of  thing.  Cue  a  day  such  as  that,  I  was
bored  and  juggling  while  I  watched  the
front  door.  A  family  comes  in  with
little  kids.  They  laugh  at  the  juggling
man  and  come  to  talk  to  me  for  a  little
while  about  reptiles  and  juggling,  of
course,  while  I  try  to  teach  one  of
their  sons,  who  was  5  or  6  years  old,
how  to  juggle  because  he  asked  me  to.
Good  times  were  had  by  all.  They  walk
off  and  do  their  shopping  with  their
little  son  trying  to  juggle  the  mini
tennis  balls  that  I  gave  him.
Immediately,  I  got  called  into  the  bank
by  the  assistant  manager  with  another
manager  present  as  a  witness,  I  guess,
who  decides  he's  going  to  rip  me  a  new
one  for  being  disrespectful  to  the
customers  by  juggling  and  not  giving
them  my  full  attention.  I  respectfully,
and  perhaps  sarcastically,  no  promises,
disagree.  And  when  he  looks  to  the  other
manager  in  the  room  to  back  him  up,  you
could  just  tell  the  guy  was  completely
uninterested  in  getting  involved.  And  he
basically  had  nothing  bad  to  say.  The
assistant  manager  continues  to  lay  into
me  a  bit  more.  says  he's  going  to  work
with  me  on  not  being  disrespectful  like
that  and  if  it  continued  [clears throat]
would  have  to  talk  about  my  employment.
I  leave.  Months  later,  the  new  store
manager  gets  hired,  walks  to  the  front
with  the  assistant  manager,  and  sees  me
juggling.  The  assistant  manager  gets  the
look  that  he's  about  to  rip  me  a  new
one,  but  the  store  manager  laughs,
compliments  me  on  my  juggling,  goes
grabs  [clears throat]  his  own  tennis
balls,  and  starts  juggling  as  well.  Oh
boy,  the  look  on  the  assistant  manager's
face  was  priceless.
A  year  after  I  started  working  for  a
company  as  a  graphic  designer.  It  turned
out  I  was  also  the  marketing  and  web
design  departments  as  well.  My  wife  got
pregnant  with  our  first  child.  This  was
an  office  mostly  filled  with  middle-aged
women.  I  was  in  my  mid  to  late  20s  and
they  were  all  excited  and  even  threw  us
a  baby  shower.  All  went  well  and  my  son
was  born  and  I  took  2  weeks  vacation
time  to  be  with  my  wife  and  child.  Two
weeks  that  I'd  saved  up,  by  the  way,  not
even  parental  leave.  I  came  back  and  my
boss  was  suddenly  very  aloof  and
non-communicative  with  me  where
previously  she  and  I  were  pretty  close.
This  went  on  for  several  months  until  I
learned  that  budget  cuts  have  eliminated
my  position  effective  in  6  months  time.
I  found  out  through  my  co-workers  I
found  out  that  my  boss  was  angry  I  had
had  a  baby  and  wasn't  dedicated  to  the
cause.  She  was  also  at  the  budget
meeting  and  initially  there  were  no  cuts
to  our  division  but  she  threw  me  under
the  bus  saying  my  work  was
non-essential.  So  here  I  am  with  a  young
family  and  staring  down  the  barrel  of
unemployment.  Turns  out  though  that
another  company  had  been  following  my
work  and  were  eager  to  sign  me  on.
Needless  to  say,  I  didn't  do  crap  for
the  next  6  months  and  I'm  now  happy  at
my  current  position  and  making  more
moolar  to  boot.  The  company  is  now  in
the  crapper  and  I  poached  one  of  their
biggest  clients  on  the  way  out.  In
short,  I  wasn't  part  of  my  ex-  boss's
fascist  view  of  the  future  since  I
started  a  family.
When  was  the  cringe  so  strong  that  you
barely  survived?
My  sister  went  to  an  18th  birthday  with
three  friends  where  over  120  people  had
RSVPd  and  only  the  host,  his  parents,
and  his  girlfriend  were  there.  She  was
telling  me  about  it  today  and  I  couldn't
think  about  anything  except  how  horrible
high  school  people  can  be.  So,  here's
the  story.  This  guy  set  up  a  Facebook
event  for  this  party  at  this  big  hall
and  out  of  the  700  plus  people  invited,
120  people  RSVPd.  So,  it's  not  like
nobody  knew  about  it.  Considering  the
amount  of  people  that  knew  about  it  and
come,  even  if  they  hadn't  clicked
attending,  was  the  fact  that  this  guy
booked  a  massive  hall  that  could  cater
for  such  a  large  event.  This  cost  him
around  $1,500,  which  included  food  and
security  and  stuff.  Then,  he  decided
instead  of  using  an  iPod,  which  would
probably  get  lost  or  stolen,  he'd  hire  a
DJ  that  cost  400  bucks.  For  all  of  this,
the  host  had  spent  months  working
overtime,  so  he  was  actually  able  to
afford  it  and  hold  quote  the  best  party
ever.  Come  the  night  of  the  party,  weeks
of  preparation,  money,  and  organization,
this  party  is  expected  to  go  off.  My
sister  headed  off  to  this  massive  venue
fashionably  late  as  well,  and  nobody
else  was  there.  Much  to  their  surprise,
it's  just  an  empty  hall  with  lights
going  on  and  a  DJ  doing  his  thing.  Then
she  finds  the  host  and  asks  the  normal
questions.  Where  is  everyone?  And  stuff
like  that.  He's  as  baffled  as  my  sister
was.  Not  even  his  best  mates  had  shown
up,  which  was  the  most  surprising  part.
Now,  this  is  just  the  most  gut-wrenching
part  of  the  whole  thing.  He  then  calls
his  friends.  He  asks  them,  "Where  the
hell  are  you  guys?"  And  obviously,  on
loudspeaker,  an  uproar  of  laughter  comes
from  the  person  speaking,  and  you  can
also  hear  it  in  the  background.  He
starts  crying  and  everything.  Absolutely
devastated  about  what  has  happened.  He's
out  of  pocket,  $1,900  at  least.  And
knowing  that  all  his  friends  possibly
organized  a  boycott  for  his  event.  When
I  told  this  story,  I  couldn't  stomach
how  harsh  and  horrible  people  can  be.
I'd  never  have  thought  this  could  have
happened,  especially  on  such  a  large
scale  as  this.  For  my  high  school's
5-year  anniversary,  one  enterprising
student  made  a  Facebook  group  and  went
through  the  yearbook,  adding  everybody
that  he  could  possibly  find.  About  630
of  the  roughly  700  students  from  our
graduating  class  joined  the  group  and
started  in  on  how  everyone  was  doing,
where  everyone  was  living  and  stuff.
When  he  sent  out  invites  to  get
together,  about  150  people  said  yes,  and
300  or  so  said  maybe.  The  guy  who
organized  it  rented  out  a  private  room
at  a  bowling  alley,  paid  for  a
bartender,  and  got  a  ridiculous  amount
of  food  and  such.  as  well  as  having  all
four  yearbooks  and  putting  together  a
DVD  of  random  videos  from  sporting
events,  plays,  funny  skits  from  the
school  news,  everything.  This  guy  went
all  out.  On  the  day  of  the  reunion,  five
people  came.  The  guy  who  organized  it
and  his  girlfriend,  who  wasn't  even  in
our  class,  myself  and  a  friend,  and  one
random  person  who  I  recognized  but  never
spoke  to,  and  another  guy  who  actually
worked  at  the  bowling  alley.  Quite
possibly  the  saddest  thing  I've  ever
seen.  The  look  of  defeat  on  the  guy's
face  was  crushing.  I've  never  felt  such
a  vicarious  humiliation  in  my  life.  We
ended  up  just  getting  drunk  and  bowling
a  few  games  before  the  black  cloud  of
shame  left  everyone  silent  and  my  friend
and  I  left  abruptly.  And  to  Allan,  if
you  read  this,  everyone  in  our  class  was
a  butthole.  Anyway,  sorry,  bro.  Oh,  boy.
Is  this  going  to  be  an  entire  video  of
people  being  humiliated  and  financially
broken  because  people  ditch  their
parties?  Because  I'm  not  sure  I  can
survive  that.  Oh,  thank  God.  Well,  the
next  one  is  only  about  grievous  bodily
harm.  I  decided  that  I'd  go  to  my  junior
prom,  even  though  I  had  no  date  and  all
of  about  three  friends  at  the  time,  none
of  whom  were  going.  I  mowed  lawns  to
rent  a  tux.  And  since  my  dad  was
working,  I  started  walking  towards  my
school  the  night  of  the  prom.  As  I'm
walking  down  the  sidewalk,  a  group  of
guys  drives  past  me  in  a  convertible
going  the  opposite  direction,  and  they
ask  me  if  I'm  going  to  the  prom.  I
recognize  a  couple  of  them  as  the
popular  kids,  so  I  say  yes.  They  said
they'd  swing  around  and  give  me  a  ride.
They  made  a  U-turn  and  I  see  one  begin
to  stand  up  in  the  backseat  of  the  car.
The  top  was  down.  It  was  beginning  to
get  dark  and  I  couldn't  see  too  well,
but  I  thought  I  saw  him  make  some  kind
of  motion  like  he  was  saying,  "Come  on."
And  then  I  came  to  consciousness  in  an
ambulance.  After  I  get  as  much  of  my
bearings  as  I  was  going  to,  I  freaked
right  the  freak  out.  There  was  blood  on
my  tuxedo  and  EMTs  standing  next  to  me.
I  asked  them  in  a  confused  teenager  sort
of  way  what  the  actual  f  happened  and
where  was  I.  They  told  me  someone  had
reported  seeing  me  lying  on  the  sidewalk
unconscious  and  bleeding.  I  was
dumbruck.  I  said  I  don't  remember
anything  other  than  waiting  to  get  a
ride  from  someone.  There  was  apparently
a  can  full  of  beer  sitting  very  close  by
which  they  believed  I'd  been  hit  in  the
head  with.  Then  it  all  came  together  for
me  in  one  very  terrible  instant.  I  was
struck  paralyzed  with  fear  as  my  brain
pieced  together  what  must  have  happened.
When  I  saw  that  guy  stand  up  in  the  back
seat  making  a  hand  motion,  he  must  have
been  throwing  something  at  me.  In  the
darkness,  I  didn't  see  it  coming  and  was
most  likely  completely  unprepared  when
it  hit  me.  I  must  not  have  even  known
what  hit  me.  They  said  I  was  curled  in
the  fetal  position  when  they  found  me,
which  I  don't  remember  going  into.  I
remember  nothing  from  the  time,  just  the
car  coming  towards  me  and  then  waking  up
in  the  ambulance.  The  police  took  the
can  as  evidence,  and  apparently  it  had
blood  of  mine  on  it  and  was  dented  from
having  hit  my  head.  Of  course,  every
person  in  that  car  covered  for  one
another,  and  as  such,  there  weren't
arrests  or  disciplines  of  any  kind.  I
knew  it  was  them,  though.  That's  the
only  thing  that  made  sense  to  me  more
than  10  years  later.  I  never  went  to
another  prom.
9th  birthday,  I  invited  my  entire  grade.
My  mom,  my  little  sister,  and  I  had
spent  a  week  making  a  piñata  by  hand.  We
were  living  in  extreme  poverty.  I  got
thrift  store  toys  for  presents.  No
complaints  from  me,  though.  I  loved  the
thrift  store,  and  they  were  still  toys.
We  didn't  have  a  lot  to  eat  sometimes.  I
was  later  put  in  foster  care,  but  that's
another  story.  But  my  mom  had  saved  up
to  have  snacks  and  such,  and  I  remember
that  she  put  so  much  work  into  making  it
a  great  party.  I  knew  my  best  friend  had
some  kind  of  family  event  that  weekend,
so  she  couldn't  come,  so  we  had  plans  to
have  a  sleepover  the  next  weekend.  We
sat  in  the  yard  waiting  for  2  hours,  and
nobody  came.  My  little  sister  and  I
ended  up  just  taking  turns  hitting  the
piñata  ourselves.  I  wanted  to  cry,  but
my  mom  already  looked  so  sad,  and  I  felt
too  guilty  to  let  the  tears  come.  Worst
birthday  ever.
Just  last  night,  I  was  forced  to  go
watch  a  friend  of  a  friend's  band  play
some  crappy  gig  at  a  hole-in-the-wall
bar.  They  went  on  late  after  another
band  had  already  played,  and  the
audience  just  kept  dwindling  in  size.  It
was  pretty  excruciating.  It  took  all  of
my  willpower  not  to  look  like  I  was  in
agony.  Afterwards,  we  all  had  to  pretend
that  they  had  rocked  out  and  that  we
were  impressed.  I  mean,  he  looked  so
happy.  We  couldn't  ruin  it  for  him.  I
used  to  work  in  the  showroom  at
Chuck-E-Cheese  when  I  was  in  high
school.  My  primary  job  was  to  throw
birthday  parties.  And  throw  birthday
parties  I  freaking  did.  I  made  damn  sure
that  every  kid  there  had  the  greatest
birthday  party  of  all  time.  I  worked  the
4th  of  July  one  year  and  we  had  just  one
party  that  day.  I  got  to  work  on  it.  The
RSVP  number  was  fairly  small,  like  five
people  or  so.  But  it  got  worse  than
that.  It  was  just  the  father  and  son.
The  mom  and  mom's  family  were  proud
residents  of  the  state  penitentiary  in
Oklahoma  or  something.  Dad  got  custody
and  moved  with  the  son  to  Tennessee  and
had  his  party  there.  He  invited  a  few
friends,  but  none  of  them  came,  so  it
was  just  the  father  and  son  at  the
birthday  table.  They  weren't  very  well
off,  and  they  bought  the  barebones  party
option.  I  asked  around  to  all  of  my
co-workers  and  threw  in  about  40  bucks
of  my  own  money  to  make  sure  that  they
had  the  best  birthday  bash  ever.  It  was
an  hour  from  close  and  nobody  was  there,
so  all  of  the  employees  just  started
partying  with  them.  We  made  them  10
pizzas  and  the  kid  got  to  pick  whatever
toppings  he  wanted.  We  then  gave  him
about  500  tokens.  We  played  and  partied
for  2  hours  and  then  put  on  the  show
after  closing.  After  the  show,  my  boss
bought  out  an  Xbox  and  the  kid  got  to
play  Xbox  on  the  giant  TVs  in  the
showroom.  It  was  close  to  midnight  when
they  left.  My  boss  brought  fireworks  and
beer  and  all  of  us  employees  were  going
to  raise  heck  in  the  parking  lot,  but  we
decided  to  invite  the  kid,  too.  He  got
to  shoot  off  bottle  rockets  and  Roman
candles  and  whatnot,  and  his  dad  got  a
beer  out  of  it.  Later,  dad  brings  the
employees  aside  and  starts  crying  about
how  awesome  of  a  party  it  was.  I  worked
at  Chuck-e-Cheese's  for  2  years  and
hated  most  of  it,  but  that  night  was  one
of  the  best  of  my  entire  life.  I  think
the  total  pot  on  them  was  close  to  200
bucks.  My  boss  matched  my  donation  and
everybody  else  pitched  in  a  few  bucks
here  and  there.  I  haven't  seen  the  kid
or  the  father  since,  but  I  do  know  that
the  father  wrote  an  email  to  customer
service  and  we  got  fancy  pins  in  our
lanyards.  There  was  this  hospitality
hero  competition  and  if  the  managers
ever  caught  you  doing  something  nice  for
the  customers,  you  got  a  slice  of  pizza
on  the  chart.  Four  slices  of  pizza  and
like  15  pizzas  got  you  to  the
hospitality  hero  level  where  you  had
this  awesome  pin  with  Chuck  on  it.  I
think  all  of  us  working  that  night  got
one.  Yay.  You  know,  this  might  actually
be  the  most  wholesome  story  to  come  out
of  the  slave  pits  of  Charles
Entertainment  Cheese.  There  was  100%
less  pee,  duty,  and  throw  up  than  most
of  those  stories  have.  And  it  didn't
even  involve  physical  violence.  Well
done,  everybody.  You  and  your  co-workers
seem  like  good  eggs.  For  my  20th
birthday  party,  I  was  going  to  have  a
big  barbecue.  I  bought  the  meat,  the
cake,  the  corn,  everything.  I  invited  50
people,  and  not  one  of  them  showed  up.
Not  one  person.  This  sort  of  thing  also
happened  to  an  acquaintance  of  mine.  The
kid  was  really  nerdy,  but  didn't  really
have  any  self-awareness,  so  he  didn't
really  have  friends.  He  organized  a  big
going  away  party  our  senior  year.  A
friend  and  I  knew  what  was  going  to
happen.  So,  out  of  pity,  we  decided  to
go.  Big  surprise,  no  one  else  was  there.
Just  a  big  empty  house  with  a  few  bowls
of  chips  all  set  up  and  the  guy  sobbing
in  the  corner.  We  stood  there  awkwardly
for  a  few  minutes.  It  was  miserable.  So,
we  ran  back  home,  grabbed  our  laptops,
ran  back,  and  had  an  impromptu  mini  land
party.  We  actually  had  a  blast,  and  the
host  ended  up  having  a  great  time.  The
party  ended  up  lasting  about  24  hours.
You  can  submit  your  own  stories  to  be
featured  here  on  the  channel.  The  story
submission  link  is  in  the  description
below.  And  if  you  want  to  listen  to  some
vibe  music  in  the  background,  check  out
Easy  Mode,  also  linked  below,  and
subscribe.
When  I  graduated  from  high  school  3
years  ago,  I  wasn't  invited  to  a  single
party  afterwards.  Now,  the  optimist  in
you  might  think,  "Oh,  people  must  not
have  had  any  parties.  Everyone  gets
invited  to  graduation  events."  Well,  my
dear  internet  friends,  the  sad  truth  is
that  there  was  one.  It  was  held  at  a
local  country  club.  There  were  over  200
people  in  attendance  for  a  graduation
event  of  my  class  of  192.  And  how  do  I
know  this,  you  might  ask?  I  was  present
when  everyone  else  was  invited.  I  was
watching  the  computer  when  the  Facebook
event  creator,  who  was  our  class
president,  sent  out  the  Facebook
invites,  and  I  watched  her  uncheck  my
name  and  one  or  two  other  kids'  names
before  sending  it.  I  was  also  present
when  the  paper  invites  were  given  out.
The  school  gave  permission  to  hand  them
out  in  our  home  room.  I  was  the  only  one
that  wasn't  given  one  in  my  home  room.
My  school  doesn't  have  official
graduation  events  outside  of  the  usual
honors  day,  commencement,  and  such.  Yep,
people  suck.  I  went  to  a  surprise  party
where  I  was  the  only  non-family  member
there,  and  I  didn't  even  know  the  girl
that  well.  Turns  out  her  friends  were
buttholes,  but  she's  an  awesome  person,
and  it  made  her  feel  better  than  no  one
being  there  otherwise.  So,  I  don't
really  regret  it.  On  my  21st  birthday,  I
bought  a  few  of  my  best  friends  to  Six
Flags,  bought  their  tickets  because  they
were  having  a  hard  time  finding  work,
and  spent  the  day  having  fun  with  them.
We  planned  to  leave  early  and  go  back  to
my  place  to  celebrate  turning  21  with
some  drinking.  But,  as  I  was  driving
them  back,  they  got  a  call  and  were  all
invited  to  a  party  except  for  me.  So,
they  all  had  me  drop  them  off  except  for
one  guy  who  just  went  home  and  left  me
to  be  alone  as  they  went  to  a  party.  So,
I  spent  the  night  drinking  alone  as  a
rag.  I  now  can't  stand  the  thought  of
celebrating  my  own  birthday.  I  should
make  it  clear  that  these  were  friends  I
knew  for  over  10  years,  and  this  was  the
only  time  they  ever  really  behaved  like
really  bad  friends.  I'm  still  in  rough
waters  with  them,  but  I  went  with  the
everyone  gets  one  mentality.  If  they
ever  pull  crap  like  that  again,  they're
gone.  And  I  don't  do  them  many  favors
these  days,  and  none  of  them  involving
money.  My  cousin's  wedding  was  sad.
rented  hall,  catered,  DJ,  maybe  15
people  showed  up,  invited  over  150,
mostly  family.
You  know,  the  same  sad  party  story
that's  going  around  a  lot  happened  to  me
in  elementary  school  as  well.  My  parents
moved  us  around  a  lot,  so  I  wasn't  able
to  keep  friends  for  a  long  time.  I  moved
to  a  new  school  and  decided  that  the
best  way  to  make  friends  would  be  to
invite  a  whole  bunch  of  girls  to  my
birthday  party.  My  mom  put  this  whole
thing  together,  and  only  two  of  them
showed  up.  I  was  devastated.  I  asked  one
of  the  girls  from  school  why  they  didn't
come  and  she  said  my  mom  told  me  it
looked  like  a  child  made  the  invitation
so  I  couldn't  go  which  I  am  a  child.
Needless  to  say  I  wasn't  very  socially
graceful  after  that.  Wow.  This  might  be
the  most  depressing  bunch  of  stories
I've  ever  read  at  3:00  in  the  morning.
Yep.  My  social  anxiety  is  coming  back
just  from  reading  these  answers.
My  mother  frequented  a  50  plus  ageg
groupoup  chat  room  on  WBS  which  was  once
known  as  the  irsocciety.com.
This  was  during  the  mid  '90s.  The
regulars  eventually  started  organizing
meetups  for  which  they'd  later  expound
upon  the  great  time  that  was  had  and
wonderful  people  who  met  in  person.  One
such  regular  was  a  quadriplegic
gentleman  whose  personal  aid  would  type
for  him.  He  had  been  to  a  few  local
meetups  and  everyone  really  seemed  to
admire  his  personality  and  spirit.  He
was  on  a  fixed  income  and  saved  for
nearly  a  year  to  fly  without  his  aid  to
a  meetup  on  the  US  East  Coast.  Only  when
he  was  wheeled  out  to  the  terminal,
nobody  was  waiting  for  him  and  nobody
ever  came.  He  spent  10  hours  sitting
alone,  helpless  and  hoping  the  alleged
woman  who  had  invited  him  and  promised
to  host  him  at  her  house  was  just  very
late  before  finally  getting  help  from  a
passer  by.  Somebody  even  had  the  heart
to  help  the  guy  try  calling  the  listed
names  in  the  phone  book,  but  to  no
avail.  He  showed  up  online  again  a  week
later,  disheartened  and  angry  that  he'd
let  some  cold-hearted  troll  get  the
better  of  him  under  multiple  screen
names  and  personalities.  Even  at  the  age
of  14,  when  I  didn't  give  two  craps
about  chat  room  drama,  my  faith  in
humanity  died  a  little  bit  hearing  that
story.  I  threw  a  toga  party  and  while
300  people  said  they  were  going  to  come,
only  20  of  them  actually  did.  And  one  of
them  crapped  himself  halfway  through  the
party.
Let's  spin  this  tail  around.  Third  grade
teacher  takes  the  whole  class  aside  and
asks,  "All  of  you  were  invited  to
Charles  birthday  party  and  none  of  you
went.  What  happened?"  At  which  point  it
became  clear  that  I  was  the  only  kid
that  Charles  hadn't  invited.  The  joke
was  on  him  because  I  would  have  been  at
that  party.  Poor  kid  was  at
Chuck-E-Cheese  all  by  himself.
Wait,  so  not  only  was  Chucky  chucking  a
party  at  Chuck-e-Cheese,  he  never
chucked  an  invite  your  way.  What  a
chuck.  Although  one  has  to  feel  bad  for
him.  Hopefully  all  the  ones  who  never
turned  up  got  food  poisoning  and  chucked
their  guts  up.  In  Spanish  culture,  it's
tradition  to  have  a  kinseniera.  I  didn't
want  to  have  one,  but  my  mom  insisted  on
having  it  either  way.  So,  she  decided  to
have  it  in  the  house,  right?  It's  not
very  big  in  my  house,  and  she'd  already
invited  the  family  and  close  friends
from  out  of  state,  out  of  the  country
even.  So,  my  mom  limited  me  to  inviting
five  friends,  but  she  got  to  invite  all
the  people  she  wanted.  So,  we  were
expecting  more  than  40  people  to  show
up.  Maybe  six  came.  Two  of  my  friends
and  four  family  members  which  lived  in
the  city.  The  presents  were  a  card  with
five  bucks  and  some  cheap  perfume.  But  I
don't  resent  that  last  one  because  it
was  with  very  good  intentions  from  a
very  sweet  poor  old  lady.  I  was  in  a
super  poofy  dress  for  hours  and  heels
that  were  killing  me  while  pretty  much
everyone  else  was  in  more  or  less
semi-casual  attire.  On  top  of  it  all,  it
was  raining  and  it  was  on  my  actual  day
of  birth.  What  bites  the  most  was  the
following  year  when  we  did  it  for  my
sister.  She  invited  the  same  people,  but
she  decided  to  have  it  in  a  rented
space,  which  I  suggested  to  my  mom  when
she  had  mine,  but  she  said  it  just
wouldn't  work  out.  She  spent  almost  six
times  the  money  on  my  sisters  and  even
got  a  DJ  and  a  lavish  cake.  Almost
everyone  except  for  a  few  came  and  there
were  about  105  people  invited.  The  same
people  who  didn't  turn  up  for  mine
turned  up  for  my  sister.  Everyone  was
all  fancy  and  it  was  organized,  not  a
complete  mess.  The  presents  were  good
makeup,  good  perfume,  and  about  600
bucks  cash  in  cards  and  some  shoes  and
clothes.  Needless  to  say,  after  that
event,  I  felt  like  crap  and  felt  like
there  is  definitely  a  favorite  in  the
family.  On  my  12th  birthday,  I  told  my
parents  that  I'd  pay  for  my  whole  party,
and  I  did,  and  it  was  awesome.  Well,  it
would  have  been  if  anyone  else  but  my
best  friend  and  brother  showed  up.  So,
there  I  was  with  my  best  friend  and
brother  at  a  private  laser  tag  room,
stuffing  our  faces  with  party  food  and
stuff  like  that.  when  my  mom  called  one
of  my  other  friends  moms  and  the  kid
picked  up  and  just  started  laughing.  I
cried  in  the  toilets,  but  my  best  friend
cheered  me  up.  I  got  a  job  and  used  all
of  my  spare  time  to  pay  for  that.  It  was
a  $700  party.  All  of  that  money  was  down
the  drain  and  I  even  did  my  homework  in
school  at  lunch.  After  that,  my  parents
took  me  to  the  pound  and  I  took  home  a
puppy,  so  I  guess  he  made  everything
much  better.  And  Tommy,  I  know  you  live
online,  you  troll.  And  if  you're  hearing
this,  I  hate  you  for  telling  everyone
else  not  to  come.  And  to  Lachlan  and
Ash,  thanks  for  being  the  only  true
friend,  Ash.  And  Lachlan,  thanks  for
being  an  awesome  brother.  I  went  to  a
costume  party.  It  was  not  a  costume
party.  I've  resolved  that  if  this  ever
happens  to  me,  I'm  just  going  to  simply
act  normal.  And  when  people  ask  me  why
I'm  wearing  a  costume,  stare  at  them
quizzically,  and  ask  costume.  When  I  was
in  primary  school,  about  6  or  7  years
old,  this  guy  invited  all  30  of  the
people  in  our  class  to  his  birthday.  I
didn't  know  him  very  well,  so  asked
everyone  else  if  they  were  going,  and
they  said  that  they  were.  So,  the  day  of
the  party,  nobody  else  was  there  except
him,  his  cousin,  and  his  parents.  No  one
else  showed  up  at  all.  But  it  was  their
loss  because  there  was  a  crap  ton  of
pizza  and  an  endless  supply  of  junk  food
for  us.  The  guy  who  threw  the  party
became  my  best  friend  and  still  is  16
years  later.
I  have  a  heart  warmer  for  all  of  you  to
make  up  for  all  these  tragic  stories.
Although,  it  starts  with  a  snub.  I  have
a  friend,  let's  call  him  Jed,  who  went
to  a  high  school  levers  party.  This  guy
was  given  a  bad  roll  of  the  dice  when  it
came  to  certain  jeans.  He  was  unusually
short,  getting  plump,  had  glasses,
wasn't  great  in  the  looks  department,
and  had  a  bit  of  a  geeky  aspect  going
on.  But  all  in  all,  he  was  a  very
likable  guy  if  he  weren't  shallow  as  f.
And  I've  had  many  good  times  with  him,
even  though  sidebyside,  we  look  like  the
main  characters  in  the  film  Twins.  Jed,
if  you're  listening  to  this,  by  the  way,
hi.  You  can  probably  tell  who  I  am.
Anyway,  Jed  was  invited  to  this  lever's
party  hosted  by  this  chick  who  was  hot.
A  star  pupil,  basically  the  real  life
equivalent  of  the  movie  Prom  Queen,  only
stereotypically  shallow  and  witchy.
We'll  call  her  Kez.  Not  normally
socially  popular  at  that  point,  Jed  was
getting  on  fine  with  the  other  guests,
even  though  he  wasn't  great  friends  with
many  of  them.  And  the  guy  he  was  getting
on  particularly  well  with  was  the
brother  of  the  hostess.  Anyway,  long
story  short,  at  one  point  as  Jed  was
going  to  get  a  drink  or  more  snacks  or
something,  Kez  turned  around,  spotted
him,  and  in  a  move  straight  out  of  some
cheap  cheerleader  movie,  made  a
disgusted  face,  and  said,  "Oh,  who
invited  him?"  Loud  enough  for  Jed  and
several  others  to  hear.  The  feeling  of
embarrassment  must  have  been  sickening
for  him.  I  wasn't  there  or  I'd  have  told
her  where  to  shove  those  words  and  left
with  him,  but  he  had  nobody  backing  him
up  at  the  time.  It  kind  of  wrote  off  his
nice,  so  he  went  back  to  the  crowd  he'd
been  hanging  with  and  started  to
diplomatically  say  his  farewells  to  the
people  he'd  been  talking  to,  reckoning
the  night  wasn't  going  to  get  any
better.  Some  of  the  people  he  was  saying
goodbye  to  were  surprised  he  was  leaving
so  early  and  so  suddenly,  as  they'd  been
having  a  good  night  together,  they
didn't  know  what  had  just  happened.  And
one  of  the  people  who  was  curious  was
the  brother  of  Kez,  that  witchy  hostess.
He  saw  that  Jed  looked  a  little  upset
and  asked  what  was  wrong.  So  Jed  told
him.  The  guy  listened,  looked  over  at
his  sister,  who  seemed  to  be  looking
back  at  him  uncomfortably.  The  guy  asked
if  Jez  could  stay  while  he  sorted
something  out,  but  Jed  said  he  needed  to
leave.  The  guy  shook  Jed's  hand  and
apologized  profusely  on  behalf  of  his
sister  and  said  that  Jed  would  be
missed.  Jed  went  into  the  hall  and  got
his  coat.  He  put  on  his  shoes  and  opened
the  front  door.  He  turned  back  to  give  a
final  wave  to  the  people  at  the  party
and  was  treated  to  the  sight  of  Kez,  the
hostile  hostess,  and  her  brother
standing  in  a  corner.  Kez's  brother  was
clearly  angry  and  giving  Kez  a  real
piece  of  his  mind.  Kez  was  bright  red
with  embarrassment  and  openly  crying
while  her  friends  took  their  turn  being
frozen  with  sympathetic  shame  for  the
second  time  that  night.  From  what  I  know
of  KZ,  it  was  long  overdue.  In  short,
nerdy  friend  of  mine  gets  rudely  snubbed
at  high  school  levers  party  by  the
hostess.  Hostess  gets  humiliated  for  her
attitude  in  front  of  everyone  by  her  own
brother.
When  you  subscribe,  make  sure  to  hit  the
bell  to  turn  on  notifications.  Put  the
playlist  on  in  the  background  to  finish
listening  to  all  the  stories.  Or  if  you
want  some  vibe  music  to  put  on  in  the
background,  check  out  Easy  Mode.  If  you
like  Am  I  the  Genius,  give  Am  I  the  Jerk
a  shot?  Everything  linked  in  the
description.