I see the cop and roll my eyes and shake my head.
He asks her to repeat her story. And as she's repeating it, he's almost completely ignoring her and watching the football game that we have playing on our Direct TV kiosk. After she gets done, he looks at me, rolls his eyes, and asks, "Did you take the money?" "Of course not," I say. "I'm sorry.
There's nothing we can do, Mom," the cop says, and leaves the store. As he leaves, he holds the door open for her and tells her to leave if her business is complete. I smiled super big, like a cheshier cat big, and told her to have a super day as she left. After she left, I bought pizza with the 200 bucks I took.
I'm just kidding. But I almost wish that's how the story ended after she embarrassed me like that for close to 2 hours. I helped my workmate move house, hung over after far too much tequila. I moved all of his crap, his boyfriends and his roommates stuff, basically myself as they were all useless.
Took almost 12 hours. That jerk didn't even buy me a beer, food, or anything all day. Then he fobbed me off when I asked for help to move myself. [snorts] then had the nerve to ask for help when he moved out again.
I bought my cats some gourmet food and they looked at me like I was trying to poison them. Cretins, well, on the one hand, I sympathize with you, but on the other hand, you probably should have seen that coming. I love cats, but they are complete jerks. This is one of my favorite stories of instant justice.
My mother's friend threw his daughter a birthday party. This was a fairly affluent family, so she got a big party with all of her friends. And this girl got a lot of nice stuff. She got dolls, a dollhouse, various toys, and a freaking horse.
With all of the riding gear and the promise of lessons, and everything she could ever need for that horse, this brat got what millions of little girls all over the country dream of. And you know what she did? She flipped the crap out because it was the wrong dollhouse. She got a horse and she threw a massive screaming temper tantrum over the enormous dollhouse.
Now, I'll digress a little bit and tell you about her father. Her dad came from Africa to the US as a refugee. Most of his friends and family were killed. This guy not only competed in the Olympics, but worked his butt off to become a doctor of some kind.
As one might expect, he did not take kindly to his daughter's obvious lack of appreciation for her privileged lifestyle. So, he cut that crap right out. He canled the party right then. The guests still got to eat cake and keep their party favors on top of an apology for his daughter's behavior.
He packed up all of the toys and took them back to the store. He took the horse back and grounded the crap out of his spoiled little girl. In short, guy buys daughter a horse and other stuff. Daughter flips out over a dollhouse and the guy takes everything back.
I have quite a few I could tell about my little sister, but I'll stick with two. My mom bought her numerous laptops, iPhones, and cameras on the condition that she took care of them. Every single one was broken in a month or two. Bought her a $900 digital SLR that she knows I've been coveting for years because my sister claimed she was going to take a photography course at school.
She got the camera, complained that she didn't get any other presents that day, used it for a day, and then let it sit around for 6 months. She uses it now for pictures on her Tumblr, but she told my mom she intended to take a photography course and she can only use the damn thing on auto. For Easter, I spent a couple of hundred buying her tons of Hunger Games stuff and random stuff for an Easter basket because I stupidly wanted to do something nice, I guess.
I just picked random stuff over the course of a few months that I thought she'd like. She was upset that my mom wouldn't be doing baskets anymore because she was 15. She threw a tantrum after she opened everything because Easter sucked because we wouldn't hide Easter eggs for her or hide plastic ones filled with money like her friend's parents did.
She's 15 for freick's sake. I haven't gotten her a damn thing since. I bought my mom a MacBook Air to pay her back for years of caring for me. And my sister threw the biggest temper tantrum ever.
She clawed at my mom's face and tried to steal her car because it wasn't fair that my mom got something nice for the first time ever, literally ever. My sister has since accidentally broken her laptop, hoping that I'd buy her one, too. Not going to ever freaking happen. Sorry, that turned into a bit of a rant.
My older sister, Amanda, is extremely spoiled. My dad practically worships the ground she spits on. Well, she's about 9 years older than me, so of course she was able to do more things. I used to help my mom at a restaurant every day when I was about 5 to 8 years old.
Because I was so young, people would give me tips throughout the day. When my mom's shift ended, she'd walk me next door to the bank and I'd deposit my earnings. By the time I was eight, I had a little over 800 bucks saved up. May came around and my sister was going to turn 17.
For her birthday, she wanted a crap ton of hair styling stuff and makeup. Well, my father had other plans. He convinced me into letting him borrow my 800 bucks and combined it with his 500. He then went out and bought a cheap car for a,000 and used the other 300 bucks for seat covers, new tires, and a new stereo.
On May 5th, we gave my sister the car and she threw the biggest witch fit ever. She wanted nothing to do with the car, so she sold it for 700 bucks. Dad got his 500 back. Amanda got 200 to spend on hair crap.
And I got nothing. Just a rant from an ungrateful jerk. My spouse used to have an old Mercedes E-Class. It was like 1995 or something.
He wanted to give it away to my little cousin as a first car because it was safe, reliable, and my little cousin's parents couldn't afford to buy their kid anything big like cars. So, we gave her this car and she freaked out like the niece in our first story did. She started going on about how we were going to go out and buy a new one and she wanted a new one, too.
So, my spouse took the keys away from her and gave them to her older brother right in front of her. The reason we didn't give it to him in the first place was because he had an old Honda that he had paid for himself. However, it was falling apart and needed a lot of work to keep it safe. We even volunteered to pay for his insurance in his first year of college just to spite his little sister.
Oh, that felt real good. We haven't bought my female cousin anything in over 3 years. We don't even send her a birthday card. If you act like that when someone gives you something, you clearly aren't worthy of anything.
I work for a not for-p profofit and we have cookouts for people in poverty. They complain so hard that we buy generic soda or don't have quote good cheese for their burgers. One time we gave away thousands of pairs of shoes in the city.