The profit was only about $10 roughly.
Update: My niece called again this morning asking for the laptop because she'll need it for college and her parents are still holding firm on her never being handed out stuff while she's there. No apology yet, only demands. Her brother said I'd cave and give it to her. Freick no and freick you niece.
I always wanted to believe this kind of behavior only happens on television. I mean, you're getting free stuff. How can you not like that? I get socks for Christmas and I get freaking excited.
Freaking free socks, man. A couple of years ago, a friend and I were driving across the country in a big moving truck full of my mom's furniture. We had been on the road for about 18 hours on the second to last day of the trip and stopped at a rest stop to stretch our legs and use the bathroom. Sitting at the rest stop late at night was an entire family, dad, and two young kids, and their car, which was obviously broken or otherwise not working.
Feeling like I should try and help, I asked the father what was wrong, and he told me they'd run out of gas and just needed to get to the next town, which was about 40 mi away. I couldn't leave the rest stop with that family stranded. So, my friend and I got back in the truck and drove the 40 mi to the next town, bought gas and a can, and drove all the way back in a huge moving truck.
The whole trip back and forth took us about an hour and a half. And by the time we got to the rest stop, we were both about to pass out. Well, the family was still there waiting and I hopped out to give them the gas they needed so badly. I handed the can to the father and he looked at me and said, "I'd rather have the money." This caught me off guard as the money wouldn't have helped get them anywhere.
But it was then that it dawned on me that he never wanted gas to begin with and he probably even had some in the car. He was just fishing for cash and using his kids as the bait. I felt really bad for the mom as she was just looking at me the whole time with this expression of I'm so so sorry. I was at loss for words since the dad didn't even want the gas we' just driven over an hour to get for them.
I just set the gas can on the ground, got back in the truck, and left feeling like a giant idiot. This is why so many people are jaded about helping out other people. Admittedly, myself at times, too. It's gross behavior and a terrible example to set for your kids.
My cousin gave my son a broken PlayStation 2 for his birthday. I fixed it. I just needed to clean the optic on the player. Then the cousin asked for it back.
I absolutely told him no. I delivered a pizza in a low-income type apartment complex. The total was $18 something and she just handed me a 20 rolled up and told me to keep the change. I turned around and started walking down the stairs back to the parking lot while unrolling the $20 to put in my watt of cash when I find a $100 bill wrapped up inside of the 20.
Immediately, I turned around and went back, knocked and said, "I don't think he meant to include this inside the 20." As I extended my hand towards her with a $100 bill in it, she immediately started screaming at me about how she didn't give me no $100 tip and that I'm lucky she doesn't call the police, slammed the door, then called my pizza shop to complain.
I told the manager the whole story. She was put on the do not answer list. Crazy lady. I had something similar happen at an ATM.
The guy before me had pulled out what looked like 400 bucks and then walked away without taking the cash. I didn't realize what had happened at first, so by the time I put two and two together, he was out of the store. I grabbed the money, ran after him, and caught him in the parking lot. I handed him the cash, and he violently grabbed it from me and started talking crap about me trying to steal his money.
He started getting in my face when his friend mentioned that before he'd ever met me, he was $400 down. Then I came along and he's back to even, ending with, "What the freak is wrong with you?" The guy never thanked me, but his friend did. When we were young, we were very poor. My sister's birthday was coming up.
I think she was about seven. There was no money to buy gifts, but my mother had a small piece of white satin cloth and a box of tiny little pearl beads. She had hand sewed this beautiful little wedding gown for my sister's doll and sat up night after night hand sewing these tiny little beads on the dress. When my sister was given it for her birthday, she threw it across the room in disgust, saying, "I don't want that.
It's my old dolly." I'll never forget the heartbreak on my mother's face. The stories in this thread make me afraid that when I have kids, they'll be spoiled brats. Oh, don't be afraid. It's something you can control.
It's up to parents to teach their kids grace and humility. Look, my parents didn't say no to my siblings arrive very often. We were spoiled, but we certainly weren't brats about it. And I think there were two key things to this.
First, before we were allowed to play with any toy or gift we received, we had to write a thank you note for it. And nothing loweffort in the thank you notes. They had to be sincere and take up the whole gosh darn card. Doing that makes you think long and hard about why someone would choose something for you, what they intended, and what you like about a present that might otherwise befuddle you.
Second, if you didn't react with grace and gratefulness, you didn't get to keep the gift. End of story. If you reacted like a real brat, you didn't get to keep any of them. They were harsh with this rule, too.
Even a sour face could get the gift revoked. As a kid, you learn real quickly that gifts are a privilege and a gesture. You always respond with a smile and a heartfelt thank you, even if your odd relative just gave you items from her pantry ramped. She gave them generously.
You respond kindly. A girl in my high school received a used car on her 16th birthday. She was unhappy with the fact that it was a 3-year-old car. She intentionally totaled it.
Her thinking was that if she totaled this one, her parents would have to buy her a new one. She didn't get a new car and had to ride the bus. I knew a girl who did that, too, except with a nice little Ranger. It was a couple of years old, but had all of the bells and whistles except four-wheel drive.
That wasn't good enough for her, so she wrecked it intentionally. She fractured her neck and had to walk around with a cervical collar for a couple of months. And then her parents brought her a piece of crap 1980 Ford Escort. When I was 15, a girl in my driver's ed class turned red and stood up.
She put her hands to her throat, couldn't make a sound. Her eyes looked crazy. She was choking on a piece of candy. Everyone looked for one beat, two beats, and I'm like, "What the hell?" And I stand up, walk over two tables, and give her the himlick.
On the second attempt, the candy flies out like 10 feet like in a movie or something.