I'd remember what people said to me from one day to another, so I felt like I was actually getting to know people, really know them, one day to the next.
I started getting obsessed with people's stories, and I made some close friends for the first time. And after the initial shock, I even got to know my family, as weird as that sounds. I made huge strides in my career and my ADHD suddenly became a superpower. I could take random thoughts into creative solutions.
My hyperactiveness became initiative and enthusiasm. My paper trail has covered my butt more times than I can count and I've been known as one of the most reliable people in my circle. If you can forgive me being 10 to 15 minutes late every time. You can submit your own stories to be featured here on the channel.
The story submission link is in the description below. And if you want to listen to some vibe music in the background, check out Easy Mode, also linked below and subscribe. No antisocial disorder, but a very antisocial person. I'm a diagnosed autistic with chronic depression due to childhood mistreatments.
Where to start? I have this intense need to be alone, yet I hate to be lonely. I want to have friends, yet I hate any form of socializing. I feel like an empty shell.
I combine different pieces of behavior and information to form some sense of me. I feel like I'm a different person depending on whom I interact with, like some bem movie actor. So, I hide. I hide everything that might make me different.
Sometimes I fail, the mask cracks, and when that happens, I avoid or ghost those people. I have no social instinct. Everything needs to be done consciously. I understand that's my burden.
The worst part is the loneliness. No matter how loving and understanding my friends, family, and partner are, there's a lingering loneliness I can never shake off. I know they love me, and I try to, too. But the majority of the time, it just doesn't seem to reach me.
No sense of guilt to be found either. It's so hard to explain. I see it as most people's emotions, dreams, souls, or whatever make them floating in huge strings of soap bubbles on the winds of life. You know, those kinds of bubbles that kids blow.
When meeting others, the balls bounce against each other, and when they become friends, the soap bubbles stick. And sometimes, when we truly love each other, our soap bubbles merge together into a bigger one. Now, I'm not in a ball of soap. I'm in a hard plastic ball, but I can see and understand the other ones.
I can see their dreams and their beings. They're sticking to me, yet they'll never merge with me. Is that still true understanding? Something somewhere is disconnected.
Yet, I can see the green grass on the other side, never to be reached. Despite the screwed up mess that I am, I found an equally messed up person. She suffered from physical and verbal attacks herself. We have great comfort and understanding in each other through trauma.
She's my people shield since just existing on this earth for 5 hours drains all of my energy to live here. I know it's very hard on her. One day I'm king of the world, the other a paranoid maniac. But being with her, I finally understand what happiness can be.
I just wish I had some turnoff button that anyone could flick when I feel an episode coming up. Borderline personality disorder here, also known as she's a psycho witch, stay away from her in common media. I started my current relationship before I'd been diagnosed. I'd cheated on my previous two boyfriends and gotten together with the guy I cheated with.
He got me to realize that my brain wasn't doing normal things. Turns out sabotaging your own life and having panic attacks at the thought of people cancelling plans isn't a normal person thing to do. So, I went to the doctor and got diagnosed with BPD. I'd already gotten a diagnosis of depression, generalized anxiety disorder, and social anxiety disorder in the past and was struggling with them at the same time.
Getting diagnosed made everything easier. Suddenly, I knew why I panicked every time people canceled plans. Why my emotions seemed to never match the situation and why they were so strong. Why I decided to sabotage every relationship I had by cheating.
And knowing the reason behind the actions meant that I could get better and worked to control my brain instead of it controlling me. He helped me work on my issues and stuck by me. Helped me move out of my parents' place, which meant getting away from the conditions that had caused a lot of my mental health problems in the first place.
Turns out that getting away from the source of your bullying really helps with recovery, huh? [clears throat] We're still together 5 and 1/2 years later and looking to buy a house together soon. We own cats and have talked about and ultimately decided to wait another 5 years before starting a human family. ADHD here.
Getting Adderall changes your grades from Fs to A's. I thought I was just dumb. Turns out I'm really smart and I just needed help focusing. I thought about getting screened for ADD or ADHD because whenever I read about their symptoms, I'd constantly just go, "Huh, this would make a lot of sense." However, I've also been diagnosed with high functioning autism, which also explains a lot of things about me.
And at the screening for that, the person said, "Yep, you're autistic, not ADD. I have PTSD." Open and honest communication is the key to successful relationships. You see it thrown around so often because it's true. Seeing a therapist has been the biggest success, though.
I found out I have terrible codependency. I used to get upset, anxious, or jump through hoops trying to cheer up my significant other when I noticed that he was down to the point of getting upset if he didn't respond well to my efforts. For anyone relating to this, this is codependency. Mine was caused by my parents constantly making me responsible for their moods.
Your mood should rely on you only. Expecting the moods of others to be a certain way so you can feel good is a toxic trait. The advice that worked for me is to remember to give each other space when this happens. Now, when I see that my significant other is down, I give him space.
I cook our dinner, clean up, and then go do my own thing. Whether that's gardening, watching something, or reading. Ever since I've started, I've noticed a lot of tension has been squashed. The biggest success was our bedroom life, though.
Almost every time we did the deed, my PTSD alarms were going off, and when I finally told them about it, it was during the heat of an argument. So, it came out all wrong and I basically passed a complex onto my significant other where he was worried about it every time we did the deed. He stopped instigating it for a while because of it.
This gave me some really mixed feelings, even to the point that I'd convinced myself that he was cheating on me. This was what [clears throat] led me to my first appointment with my therapist.