Turns out he's now gone on to be a semisuccessful actor. I actually hold no resentment because the kid was pretty messed up.
His mom was dead and his father was this bullying alcoholic. So fair play to him for breaking the mold. He became good and now we are not beefing. He coasts on daddy's cash and is now one of the not too rich but still rich dags revving a generic 2013 BMW M320 on all his Instagram stories.
became the president of a small Christian college. The worst one I've ever met in my life never exactly had his own comeuppance. His father was wealthy from being the assistant harbor master in one of the largest fishing communities in the country, so he never exactly had to work. From what I've heard, he lives off his family's wealth while being a hobbyist photographer.
His parents did get divorced and his substance addicted mother passed away. Another little monster who was a year older than me died at 21 when he fell off a 200t cliff while hunting with his girlfriend's family. This other kid who tormented me non-stop at Boy Scout camp enlisted in the army. He was injured and is now partially paralyzed, living a secluded lifestyle under his family's watch.
The Boy Scout bully's close friend, who was very antagonistic, was busted 4 years ago during an FBI dark web sting operation for trafficking substances. He's awaiting sentencing. He ended up being my direct manager at a serving job. And to be honest, he was one of the best managers I've ever had.
Well, I saw this question, so I just looked him up. He makes YouTube videos for work in the vein of Andrew Tate. He has 212 subscribers and lives in his mom's house. I recognized it from the videos.
You know what? I don't care enough about them to keep tabs. I've grown into a healthier person than I used to be, and I like the distance between us. One of them died trying to bully a big tree while driving 50 mph.
The tree wasn't impressed and decided to bully him right on back by not moving out of the way just before the bully attempt. I'd like to hug the tree, but I don't know exactly where it happened. My elementary school bully in South Korea for context continued being the bully till high school. Somehow he ambushed and beat the untouchable student while this guy was alone.
It turned out that the untouchable student was a Korean mafia son. A bunch of black cars parked up at his apartment. Burly guys armed with metal pipes and bats would constantly waltz around the neighborhood and make the bully's family life hell. The apartment neighbors got fed up being terrified of the mafia at their neighborhood and the cops just flat out refused to show up until the mafia dispersed.
So things got to the point where the neighbors pressured the bully's family to move out at once. Never heard of what happened after they moved. Not entirely sure why the bully did that. Maybe due to his pride.
maybe approve he is the Jang, the old Korean term for a student who's the toughest and strongest brawler who'd constantly challenge or be challenged by other classes and other schools. Mine got shipped off to Baghdad in the early 2000s and never came back. Mine always bullied everyone who wasn't a football player, jock, or cowboy.
He honed in on me because I was a nerd and more feminine. Turns out he had major major regrets about everything. And at his last class reunion, he was two years ahead of me. He tried apologizing to people and a lot of people wouldn't forgive him for what he'd done.
A lot of it was borderline charges that should have been filed against him. I'm pretty sure he put a couple of kids in therapy. Well, after a lot of people wouldn't take his apology, I guess he went into a fairly major depression and ended up control alt deleting himself and left a letter stating that he hated who he was and how he treated people and the pain he inflicted on everyone and that he couldn't live with himself anymore.
The really sad thing is I did run into him not too long before this and he did apologize to me, which I'm surprised that he recognized me because I'm a female presenting person now. I'd accepted and told him I didn't hold anything against him. He really seemed sincere and like it changed. But I understand how some couldn't forgive the trespasses he made upon them.
Sad all the way round. This is why everyone just needs to be nice to everyone, even if you don't like them or like what they do or whatever. These stories always end in unnecessary sadness or the end of a life. He was an anti-bully.
He was built like a tank and had crazy eyes. Everyone was afraid of him, even the biggest, baddest bullies. Yet, he'd help anyone in need and hated bullying. If you got messed with, you could ask for his help, even if you didn't know him.
He was a giant with a heart of gold. Last I heard of him is that he was a private contractor in a war zone and got mixed up in smuggling. He later fell off the face of the earth. Rumors say that he got shot down in the middle of nowhere.
Others say that he's sipping panina colada on a tropical beach with no extradition treaty. He wasn't exactly my bully, but we had a few fist fights. He bullied pretty much everyone else who was afraid of him. He started to take substances at the age of 13 or 14.
At 18, he had the face of a 60-year-old with cancer. He was in prison, rehab, prison, rehab, and went to [clears throat] prison again because somehow he had a sword and destroyed a kid's bike. His parents locked him outside when they weren't at home because he stole and sold everything to have money for substances. One day when we were about 17 or 18, suddenly everyone stopped talking about him.
We lived in the same neighborhood and the street that he lived on was quiet. People started to go outside without fear, so he's probably dead or very far away now. When did you see someone so ungrateful they made you just give up on being nice? Today is my niece's birthday and she just went to college, so I thought I'd get her a laptop for her birthday.
Now, I'm a student myself, but I still want to give her something special. So, I searched for a great used laptop and I found a decent Toshiba satellite. I sold my PlayStation Portable and some other things so that I could afford it. So, we were there at the dinner table, opening presents.
She opened mine and had this grim look on her face. Oh, this is it? I thought you'd buy me a new one. You know, I can't afford one.
This is the best I can do. I want a brand new one, not this. This sucks. Worst present ever.
She then shoved the laptop and box across the table and it fell on the floor. I picked it up and just walked out. My cousin tried to stop me and I just said, "I will never give her anything ever again." She even had the nerve to call back and ask for the laptop. Apparently, her parents had punished her for her behavior and she'll now have to buy her own things.
No handouts or gifts. My friend bought it back from me as a favor. He helped to pick it out and knows how much I bought it for.