In short, a classmate in law school has an explosive bout with Chipotle that makes him duck run to the bathroom in the middle of a lecture.
In high school, there was three religion courses you could pick. Catholic, evangelical, I'm told that's Protestant in British, or neutral. You'd have different topics in class and different destinations on the yearly trip. I picked Catholic, and on the yearly trip, we went to a monastery.
On the third day, one of the exercises was to talk about death. So, there were 20 kids in a circle of chairs, and everyone was crying because everyone lost a loved one at some point, and death is a hard topic. The teacher starts talking about how she imagines death to be like and begins to tell, "I imagine after dying there has to be a long, long spiral staircase and you go down and down until there's a door and behind that door, the rest I didn't hear because my friend next to me whispers, "A mother freaking kebab stand." We both sat there giggling for like 20 more minutes until the meeting was over.
To this day, I feel really bad. I was sat at dinner with friends this one week and one of the kiddos was saying that they had extra stomachs for some particular food. started talking about how cows had extra stomachs. Then somehow it got to comparing humans and cows, and one of them said in the brightest, most angelic little voice, "But mom doesn't have udders." I had made the mistake at glancing at her husband, and I swear the filthy twinkle in his eye was audible.
Thank that I have long hair. I dropped my head down to look at my plate, so my hair covered my expression, and I sat there with my shoulders shaking violently. He asked in a rather amused voice if it was okay as I appeared to be vibrating. I couldn't freaking breathe.
My granddad had, if you don't know me by now, played as the curtains closed at his funeral. I shouldn't have laughed. I couldn't help it. What a legend.
See, my dad had Queens Another One Bites the Dust on the Way In and Meatloaf's Bad Out of Hell on the Way Out. He was a character. Some older kid at my school ended up in a coma after taking N2O. I think he ended up dying, so it's a pretty dark story.
One of the principles came into an assembly and angrily declared, "Nitrous oxide is no laughing matter." I think most of us were too young to know that nitrous oxide is laughing gas. But for some reason, I knew everyone was so silent and scared of the angry teacher, and I was just sitting there trying not to laugh audibly.
My senior year of high school, I went to this memorial breakfast with my principal and a few other seniors because my principal was begging a few of us to go, and hey, free breakfast. So, getting to the end, this woman starts singing an incredibly moving song and she's doing it beautifully. But I look over at my principal and he just looks so dead.
Like his face was completely blank. And because I also don't deal well with emotion apparently, I thought it was the funniest thing ever. So, while this lady was singing and some people are crying, I'm losing my mind and trying so hard to stop laughing and I just can't. My friends thought that I was having a complete mental breakdown, like I'd finally lost my mind or something.
I felt absolutely horrible about it and ducked out as soon as I could. When I worked with a financial adviser, he misspoke and asked me to check a client's investment in black [clears throat] word for rooster beginning with C instead of black rock, an industry fund. He didn't realize what it said, and he was super big on maintaining a professional, humilous working environment, so I couldn't even point it out.
I managed to keep a straight face long enough to excuse myself and then spent 15 minutes wheezing in the spare office. When I was 17, I worked at an Ace Hardware. I found a guy looking at construction adhesives and sealants with the most confused look on his face. So, I asked him what was up.
To clarify something, the thing he was asking for is spelled C A U L K. I'm looking for caulk. It needs to be black and I need it to stay hard. I'm really trying to hold it together right now.
One minute, sir, while I find the guy that works in that department. I ran off to find the guy that knew Kulking and bring him back, introducing him to the customer as our resident caulk expert, and the customer nods at him approvingly. I then escape to the break room where I'm dying laughing trying to blubber explain something about hard black caulk to my other coworker.
You people are so immature you'll laugh at anything. H I'm hungry. Maybe I should take a break. Not sure what I'll eat, though.
Maybe some peanuts. Nothing I like more in my mouth than some peanuts. Then I can go practice my piano and before you know it, this channel will have its very own pianist in its hands. Nothing you can't do with a mouthful of peanuts and a spare pianist in your back pocket.
On the best date of my life, I went to see a really stupid movie called A Walk to Remember with my first girlfriend. We were sitting in the fourth to fifth row from the screen and two rows ahead of us were a group of younger girls. One of them was rushing back to her seat with her friends and she slips and falls. It was a nasty fall, too.
And even though I felt bad for her, I couldn't stop laughing. It was awful. I don't know why I couldn't [clears throat] stop. And I was even like, "God, I know I shouldn't laugh, but it's just making me laugh harder." It took me at least 10 minutes to stop.
Girl who fell, I know you're out there somewhere. I hope my laughing didn't make you feel bad. To this day, I still don't really understand why it was so funny to me. I was in a local support group for friends and relatives of people with bipolar disorder.
One person was relating the story of her older teenage daughter who, in a manic episode, grabbed a flashlight and took it upon herself to stand in a downtown intersection and direct traffic until she was picked up by the cops and taken to the hospital. I kind of covered my mouth and pretended I was having a coughing fit and excused myself to go to the restroom.
High school English class, which was first period. A few days before, I got in trouble for sleeping and coming in late. My teacher called me a hibernating bear, which I found funny. A few days later, we were doing oral book reports and this one kid with a stutter was doing his.
The class was being patient with him, but he was struggling a lot. Then he gets to a point in his book where he talks about a bear. That reminded me of how just a few days before I was called a bear and how funny I thought that was. So, I busted up laughing.
I wasn't laughing at him for stuttering. I was laughing at being reminded of being called a bear myself. However, I realized that's exactly what it looked like. The entire class gasped at me in horror.
I didn't even try to defend myself, but I do promise it wasn't directed at him. It was at being called a bear myself. My mom's funeral service.