I was stunned, wideeyed, in absolute shock and terror, unable to process that he quite literally heeded my request or that this was actually happening. I thought I was going to die. It was the best care ride of my life. I was 2 minutes early to rehearsal.
I left my flute on the bus. I wasn't about to get my butt whooped for forgetting my $1,000 silver holo stick on my way to orchestra practice. I followed the car. It stopped at a suburban house.
The guy went into the house. They were his family and didn't have room for him with them. Not [clears throat] as wild as I wanted it to be, to be honest. I drove a taxi one summer in a party resort.
One night, two guys jumped in and yelled, "Follow that car." Which was another taxi that I knew the driver of. and I obliged. Turns out one of their friends was drunk as freick and decided to just go to their hotel without telling them. They only saw the guy leaving the club drunk and they thought he was going to a skin flick club without them.
He was actually going to their hotel as he was quite hammered. Another time, three girls jumped in the car and said, "Follow that car." The car in question was a black sedan with tinted black windows. Yet, it wasn't that shady in my humble opinion. We followed the car for 15 minutes, leaving the resort going into a forest.
The girls start freaking out as one of their friends, also a girl, was seen stepping into that same car. Yeah, turns out that she had just hooked up with some guy in the club they were in earlier and she was about to do the deed with them when we pulled up next to them. It was the weirdest summer. Well, what can you say?
Those girls' hearts were in the right place, and you can see why maybe they'd be concerned. It's damned embarrassing for everyone involved, but at least you got an entertaining story and hopefully the price of the cab fair. Not a taxi driver, although I was driving down a main road and saw a guy running around with a baseball bat and then some cop cars parked on the side street.
Young me decided that I wanted to get involved. So, I pulled down the side street and found a cop on foot a good distance away from his car. I told him about baseball bat guy and he gets on his radio. I guess he got an immediate update on his radio, looked at how far he was from his car and says, "Can you drive me down the road?" I'm thinking, "Fick yeah." And I tell him to jump in.
He does. and I'm seriously driving around back roads with a cop riding shotty, giving me directions while on his radio. It only lasted for about 2 minutes and then he jumped out to pursue the guy on foot. Not a very satisfying ending to the story since I never found out what happened, but damn, that's my story.
I asked a taxi driver that question many years back. He said that it had happened on two separate occasions and both times a wife was trying to catch her cheating husband committing adultery. One of the wives actually caught her husband and meeting his mistress. My dad used to drive taxis for a short while and he once gave a man a free ride because the first thing he said upon getting in the taxi was, "Follow that car." My dad had always wanted someone to say that to him and was overjoyed.
I'm not a taxi driver, but a police officer. I was moonlighting at a club and a fight broke out inside. The bouncers had an unusually hard time getting this one guy out of the club. I went inside to help and he took a swing at me and then took off running out of the club down the street.
I gave chase, but this guy was fast. I didn't have a chance at catching him. I chased him maybe two blocks and saw a taxi sitting in front of this other club. I jumped in the taxi and told the driver to follow him.
We caught up with the guy as we approached him and he was attempting to flag us down. I told the taxi driver to stop for him and as he opened the door, there I was. He was too surprised to do anything but stand there. I placed him under arrest and called for another unit to come and pick us up.
You can submit your own stories to be featured here on the channel. The story submission link is in the description below. And if you want to listen to some vibe music in the background, check out Easy Mode, also linked below and subscribe. Oh, you know, often I'd get people hopping in and saying just follow that cab without giving any real destination.
They just had too many people in their group for one taxi. It's not exciting. But one night, I picked up four guys having a bachelor party, and one had left their phone in a taxi earlier in the day and had been tracking it using another's phone. 45 minutes of speeding all over the city, cutting taxis off that might be the one with the phone, while four grown men hopped out of my car in the middle of traffic, and swarmed the unsuspecting drivers to inquire about the missing phone.
It must have scared the heck out of a bunch of people. We finally found it. The meter said 60 bucks, and they gave me 120. Not the most exciting story, but definitely the most fun fair that I've ever had.
I've been driving a cab for about a year now. Usually work the 600 p.m. to 3:00 a.m. shift.
My dispatcher radios me to her house with 5 minutes to go to the end of my shift. Short 2-minute drive later, we live in a small city. I pull up in the circle driveway as a car pulls out the other end and speeds off. The largest man I've ever seen in my life comes barreling out the house like a freaking bull, jumps in my cab and says, "Did you see that car?
Follow it." I caught up to the car and followed it out to the highway. As soon as it got on the highway, the car put on its hazard lights and floors it. The mountain man in the back seat says, "My wife is in labor and my father-in-law is driving. He tells me to catch up and that he'll give me 200 bucks." So, naturally, I floor it going at about 90 mph in a 45 zone.
His father-in-law happens to be city police chief and he'd called in an escort. I looked in my rearview mirror and I saw four cop cars about a mile off and catching up quick. I panicked. I almost started to slow down when he told me they were an escort.
Sure enough, two of the cops go speeding past me like I was in park. Keep in mind, I'm still going 90 miles per hour. The other two pull behind me as we still had another 2 or 3 miles to go. Another minute or so passes and we come squealing up to the ER.
Two nurses were already waiting outside. He thanks me, hands me the money, and jumps out the car. In short, got a police escort with a pregnant woman's husband and made 200 bucks. Not sure if this one qualifies, but almost.
A colleague of mine, a UK police officer, was on foot patrol and saw a robbery in the distance where a driver was pulled from their car and the robbers drove off in their car. My mate stopped civilian car and gave the famous line, "Follow that car." The driver apparently went wild trying to keep up with the robbers. The whole time with a uniformed police officer in his passenger seat giving a commentary to his base.