So, I spent the first 8 or so minutes of my break on the phone with a mechanic working out issues with my car.
I then ran back to the little cafe near the back of the store that has a salad bar and made a quick salad, which he weigh and price there. By this time, I had about 5 minutes left on my break, and the manager was very strict about not going over your 15 minutes. So, I stood at the cafe register for a good minute, and no one was to be found.
I quickly ate my salad, then took the sticker up to the front registers to pay for the $1.99 salad. I go back on the clock, and about 20 minutes later, I was called into the office. They say a situation has occurred, but don't tell me what. They said they're sending me home for the day.
So, I came back in the next day for my shift, and they called me into the office again. Waiting for me in the office is the store manager, the assistant manager, the office manager, the cafe manager, and my shift supervisor. Mind you, I'm a 16-year-old kid at their first job who had never been in any sort of trouble before.
They accused me of stealing the salad because, despite purchasing the salad, as our records do indicate, you consumed the salad before the purchase. I explained to them how the cashier at the cafe was nowhere to be found and how if I wanted to eat during my break at that point, I would have had to eat it back in the cafe and then pay for it up front.
They tell me to go home and that they'll be contacting me tomorrow regarding if I keep my job or not. I left in tears, but then got really angry at the severe overreaction. So, I came back in an hour later and told them that I quit. I worked in a souvenir shop at an amusement park.
It was the 4th of July, one of the busiest days because of the park's fireworks show, and we were also understaffed. The shop was just inside the gate, so we would get swamped just before closing as people bought the stuff they didn't want to walk around with all day. I was left alone in the shop just before closing time, running the cash register as people flowed in.
It was utter chaos. While closing out the register that night, I noticed that a large stuffed animal had been stolen. The manager couldn't fathom that one person manning a swamped store couldn't prevent theft because not all of the displays are within sight of the register. I think it must have been a team effort with one or two people getting my attention in one area while the other one walked off with the toy.
But I didn't say that because I didn't really know how or when it happened. The butthole accused me of being in on it and looking the other way while a friend stole it so we could profit later. I didn't even know what to say. I was 17.
It was my first job, and I cried for days under the assumption that every job I'd ever hold down would be like that one. Don't those things just have a gigantic markup, but cost the shop almost nothing to buy in? I don't know for sure, but I think most amusement park giant toys are cheap as all heck, although that might just be the ones you win in the rigged games.
I used to work at a retail store, and I had a beard. One day, my boss told me to get rid of my beard, so I came back the next day with a mustache. I was then told I had an attitude problem. I had a regional manager do that to me once.
He was in our store almost every day and saw me growing the beard and never said a word. Then once when I was in trouble for not driving 40 m during a tornado alert to see a training video, he ordered me to shave off my beard as I have a no beards policy. When I pointed out other store managers had beards, his response was, "They had beards when I hired them." My boss thought I was goofing off in the restroom for a few months there.
He wouldn't let me flush the toilet until he came in and made sure I actually used it. I would certainly call that a hostile work environment. I'm a freaking grown man and there's no way I'm going to let anyone inspect my duties like I'm some kind of toddler. Are you a grown man?
Because you just used the word duty. I digress. Back when I was in high school, I worked for my town's parks department. One time, my boss, who was a total sleasball creep to every girl there and hated me for not being female mostly, he calls me into his office.
While there, he accused me of stealing a $3 check and then says that I have to be let go. I tell him point blank that if I was to steal from the department, it would be something a lot more than a measly $3 check. What the heck would I do with that anyway? Later on, I find out from a friend of mine that he found the check underneath his desk.
And then a month later, someone finally reported to him for his behavior with the women, and he got fired, too. Karma is a witch. Yo, last night, my manager called me stupid and uneducated for not cheating a customer out of $15 due to a computer error. She thought it was obvious that I should lie about the error and garner another whopping $15 for the struggling hospitality industry.
Today, I'm going in for a meeting to get scolded for not lying, and I'm pretty sure I'm going to burst into tears. Screw that. Hold strong knowing that you did the right thing. You saved a person 15 bucks that they shouldn't have had to spend.
That's 2 hours of minimum wage where I live. You made the company look great, and I wouldn't doubt that you just secured a lifelong customer. You did the right thing. Don't let fups bring you down.
You have the right to have a witness present for that conversation. Be sure to ask your manager to reiterate their exact words from the night before and write down everything that's said. Assure your boss that your human resources department will be informed of every detail. See how far your boss takes the conversation afterwards.
Don't allow someone to treat you with disrespect because they have a position of authority over you. They have bosses, too. You can submit your own stories to be featured here on the channel. The story submission link is in the description below.
And if you want to listen to some vibe music in the background, check out Easy Mode, also linked below, and subscribe. My first job with the state was awful. My supervisor was an idiot in every sense of the word. I remember once I was called into a meeting with our bureau chief.
He asked us some questions about office matters and my supervisor flat out made up lies about me that were completely against my character. I couldn't hold my frustration in and I blew up at her. I told my bureau chief that I wasn't there to play childish games and then walked out of the meeting. I did end up winning that one and got a promotion that paid twice as much as that terrible supervisor.
It was one of those awesome revenge moments where nobody got hurt. In one of my darker life periods, I was doing part-time tech support for a dinky computer shop here in town. The owner was a pill popping nut job that kept a loaded gat in a drawer in the front desk and regularly cheated his customers.