communication was thrown out. But she also gave me pointers on healthy open communication, like one person speaking, one listening, and the one listening not needing to immediately jump to the defense, but rather just trying to jump to an understanding of one another.
Since then, our bedroom life is basically as strong as it was during the honeymoon phase. It feels like I've been reborn since going to therapy. Yeah, the diagnosis is not going to fix everything, but it does seem to unlock a greater openness and give you tools for dealing with issues like this one when they come up. And thankfully in this case, it wasn't insurmountable.
Happy for you. I have a suspected disassociative personality disorder that stems from some very serious childhood trauma. I've gone through toxic relationships that went both ways. Me checking out and letting people treat me however they wanted, even as far as severe physical attacks, to just using me for money and doing the deed.
3 years ago, I met my now husband and he called me out on my crap. When I disassociate, he somehow has figured out how to bring me out of it, which takes a lot of patience and kindness from his part. He made me see through my own bull crap and to want to be better. So, I started with medication, started thinking things through, and started truly facing the trauma that caused me to be this way and cope in healthy ways.
It nearly broke us. 3 years later, and while that's not a lot of time, I haven't disassociated in a year. When someone upsets me, I can calmly talk about what it was and why it upsets me and get through it instead of shutting myself down and functioning on autopilot where honestly I'm heartless. It took a lot of work, a lot of fights.
Finally learning to cry again, finally digging to the bottom of it. I'm nowhere near done, but now I want to work it all out. I want to be better. It sucks sometimes, honestly.
But if I need to rant, he listens. If I need a hug or cuddle, he's right there. And I'm there for him, too. I don't know if I'm a success story or this is the beginning of a success, but I'm determined for the first time in my life not to let this personality disorder be an excuse for bad behavior.
One of my good friends is diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder, and he's very open about it and has stated he had to learn empathy. He's very self-destructive, but he is the most reliable person I know, and there are many people in his life that would do anything for him, myself included. His transparency helps us understand his behavior, and he is always open to discussing how his actions have made people feel.
Literally, all of my relationships were a hot mess before I was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder in 2017. I'd been through three divorces, broken up with my daughter's father, and totally messed up a perfectly fine potential long-term relationship with someone I really liked very much. Meds therapy, a DBT therapy app on my phone, and an awareness of what is me and what is my BPD.
and I've so far managed to not make any horrific mistakes in my current relationship. He's amazing and I'm pretty motivated to spend the rest of my life with him. What helps me the most other than meds has been learning to self soothe. I can't stress that enough.
If I feel afraid of being abandoned, I can't put that off on him other than maybe ask for a bit of extra reassurance. I had to learn to give myself positive self-t talk and to learn and practice grounding and coping skills. He's there to support me and accept me, not fix me or be a punching bag for my insecurities. Diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder a good while ago.
It hasn't prevented me from having good relationships with people. I'm fairly charismatic and likable. I realize saying that is a bit on the nose, but genuinely, I don't believe that it's ever been the reason for any of my relationships ending. At my therapist's behests, I do make sure to tell anyone that I get into a serious relationship with that, yes, I've been diagnosed, and these are some behaviors that you should watch out for.
I'm manipulative, and it's hard not to be. You figure out how people are going to react to things in the course of normal interaction. And once you know that, how do you not press the buttons that get the reactions you want? Sometimes it can be a hurdle having a partner watching for manipulative behavior, even when there isn't any.
And I really have to try and understand my partner's emotions. But aides from that, I've had plenty of good relationships since being diagnosed. Did your bully thrive or crash after they left school. She did an insane amount of growing up during college, including having to uproot her whole life to care for her family after her mom died suddenly.
She reached out to me and others I know personally and directly addressed the bullying. We went out to lunch, she bought, and she was incredibly honest, apologizing and acknowledging what she did and why it was wrong. She's now running a successful animal rescue organization with her long-term boyfriend. And I wish her nothing but happiness.
Went to college, got into smack, lost his scholarship, and got kicked out. Last I saw, he's working construction and is making duck faces on his profile picture on Facebook. He drove drunk, got in a wreck, and is now paralyzed from the waist down. He's still a bully, but now he's an online bully.
The accident seems to have made him feel even more justified in being a prick. One is long dead from a substance deal gone bad. Another is a big-bellied deputy sheriff who was kicked off the force after decades of questionable behavior in jail for attacking his girlfriend. Thankfully, she survived.
The boy bully married the girl bully. They had a kid and then divorced. Shocking. Mine, too, except for the divorce part.
I hope mine raised their kid to be nicer to weirdos than they ever were. He's in Levvenworth serving a life sentence for murder. No one was surprised when they found this out. I'm going to be honest, I'm a bit disturbed by how many bullies apparently went on to kill people.
Same thing for my middle school bully, currently in jail for a murder at a substance deal gone wrong. He was the driver, but still caught the murder charge. It was crazy. I saw an article about how someone my exact age from my hometown was arrested for murder and made a joke about how I probably knew them.
It was my middle school bully. He was killed shortly after being released from prison. He apparently had a beef with someone and went to their house with a piece. He kicked in their front door and was immediately shot and killed.
There you go, kids. The mentality of using force to get what you want, even if you get away with it a bit in school, just isn't worth it in the long run. Four of our nine stories are about these people going to prison and sometimes not making it to their 30s because of this way of thinking. He died the summer after graduating high school.