Flipped over the desk, picked the guy's body up, and slammed him kidneys first onto one of the legs. Johnny was just your normal happygolucky video game fan.
We went to see the original Mortal Kombat movie in theaters when it came out. It was my second movie going experience ever. I was just a newly transplanted immigrant, and Johnny was the only kid who didn't pick on me. He was cool.
Johnny was heavy set with glasses. Juan was in a gang. Real cholo looking dude. He and his friends were terrors on the school.
In retrospect, I'm sure Juan had a terrible upbringing because he took it out on everyone around him. For months, he kept picking on Johnny. Months. Juan was a scary guy, and I'd gotten into my share of scraps, but I wanted no part of it with him.
This behavior went unchecked. Juan broke J's glasses, and it was just persistent. I don't remember all of it other than Johnny just becoming more and more reclusive with time and he was always bruised in some way, shape, or form. One day in Spanish class, Juan said something to Johnny about his mom.
This was before the bell rang for class to start. That was the final straw. I remember Jon letting out this guttural primal scream and lunging from his desk towards Juan. Johnny began hammerfisting Juan all over the head, his shoulders, and arms like freaking Goro would in Mortal Kombat, just unleashing everything he had on this jerk gang kid.
There came a point where Juan looked out of it like a limp noodle, and that was when Jon, still possessed by his unrelenting rage, flipped the desk over and underhand flipped and body slammed Juan onto one of the legs of the desk. Juan let out this horrible cry of agony, and that was that. The teacher walks in. They call the campus police and the rest is a blur.
I don't remember what happened to Jon after this as I never saw him again. But I do remember hearing from an acquaintance back several years that Juan was in jail for aggravated robbery. I guess he didn't learn his lesson. Thank you, Johnny, for being a friend and for not judging me while I learned the language here and adjusted to my new life.
I hope all is well with you. You can submit your own stories to be featured here on the channel. The story submission link is in the description below. And if you want to listen to some vibe music in the background, check out Easy Mode, also linked below and subscribe.
Full ride scholarship through football to a D1 college. Scouted by an NFL team in high school. Just had to make it four years in college. Then he attempted the unspeakable act on a girl at the college.
Went on the run, had several warrants, got into an argument back in his hometown that led to a firearm discharge, and now he's in prison. So, my bully was a guy. I'm a chick. And he was relentless from kindergarten through middle school.
Peaked in middle school. He'd stick his leg out and trip me when I'd walk by, then laugh. Crap like that. He annoyed everyone.
Imposed on your personal space. Would tell lots about me to others so they wouldn't like me. It really bothered me deeply because I couldn't understand what I had done to have someone so adamant about humiliating and hurting me publicly, too. Well, after middle school, he disappeared to some other school and I slowly repressed it all and forgot about him in my active thoughts.
Then I got my first apartment with a friend and a real job and was going to college. I was sitting on my new couch in my new place watching To Catch a Predator like everyone did back then. Next up on To Catch a Predator and I hear his name. I hear the scumbag's name and there he is walking in to meet someone very inappropriate who he has very incriminating text conversations with.
I couldn't believe it. I stood up and screamed aloud. I felt so vindicated for the feelings of hatred and inability to forgive him as a younger girl. Justice served.
He's selling mobility scooters and supporting his stepchildren. He was bullied at home and I was an easy target. Back then, I fantasized about revenge and now I appreciate that he was crying out for help. I'm never going to be friends with him, but I'd shake his hand and wish him well any day.
Mine became the CEO of the company he started in after college. He's the chairman of the local football team and runs the beach cleanup crew every month. Always has a smile and has clearly just kept on growing up. Local politician.
I do fine now. I was a stupid kid that did stupid things to a boy who didn't ask for it. We ended up being friends after he had the courage to call me out. I got suspended and both of our mothers agreed to meet and to force us to spend time together to get to know each other.
I never was more grateful to someone than those two women. My mom obviously, but also his mom. She was a tall and fat lady who seemed really cold and severe at the first glance. Understandable as I'd beaten up her son, but ended up being like a second mother to me.
She showed me that even trashy humans like me can become better if given a second chance in the right conditions. And that lesson will stick with me forever. Agnes, I miss you. No idea.
I left town and never looked back. My bully and his buddy drowned and it made me sad that I'm a foreigner and didn't speak much English and couldn't defend myself much so I just took it. This was in the late '9s and I've moved on but he didn't get to. Goten in an argument over a parking spot and got himself shanked to death.
Many years after graduation, I found out that he became a local cop in the town we grew up in. It was the least surprising thing to everybody. He became a Disney Channel star, started a YouTube channel with creators, exploded, and now he's in boxing. Wait, Jake Paul?
Yes, I did have to Google this commenter's sentence to get to the Wikipedia page, but that's at least a big name that I recognize. Well, if he's like any of the other child stars, he's statistically probably kind of unhappy. So, you have your karma right there. My bully died from his substance addiction.
Don't be a bully. Get help in your area. If you go somewhere and they don't seem helpful, find another organization or walk into an emergency department and ask for help. There are good people out there working towards pro-social means.
Don't give up. I saw him walking in front of my family's house, certain he was passing by while I was playing with my daughter and her cousins. He gave me a little wave and I thought I'd just wave back just to be nice. He messaged me later on Facebook and said he's glad I'm doing better than him.
Long story short, he told me his ex-wife and he are having a serious custody battle with their kid and recently got a DUI, which got him into a deeper hole. He basically said, "Don't end up like him. As much as I hope he gets better, Karma really is a witch." Not necessarily my bully, but this one kid at my school made everyone's lives miserable.
He was an absolute bag of crap. Hadn't heard anything about him for years until I flicked on a Guy Richie film and he was in it.