Everybody had to eat lunch silently. No talking on Fridays.
So developmentally inappropriate and leading to more talking during class time. Our primary school had this for a while, every freaking day for like a week or two, and then they stopped it because no one was following the rule. This was circa 1994 through97. No hugging like at all.
First offense was a writeup. Second was a detention. [clears throat] Third was inschool suspension. Locked bathroom doors in the period after lunch.
You should have gone at lunch is what they'd say. Also banned duct tape accessories when that was a trend. They said that it was a gang activity. What?
Couldn't play tag outside. No wearing hats inside. No trading stuff from your lunch. This was all at my elementary.
Early 80s May. Girls in minikrts. Guys in running shorts. The minikrt issue had been settled by the courts years earlier and miniskirts were protected by law.
Principal goes to a conference and the VP bans running shorts as a distraction. So [clears throat] the football team shows up in miniskirts. Legends. I almost ended up hitting on the middle linebacker.
He was in full drag and looked pretty good from behind. When could you not stop laughing at the world's most inappropriate moment? My grandparents, both sets of them, insisted on burying my parents as Catholic for their funeral. Little did they know, my parents hadn't been practicing the religion since they moved out of their parents' home.
They hired a lady who was singing off-tune Catholic songs so loud into the microphone that it felt like a drunk karaoke concert. Everyone probably thought I was shaking from crying in the front row by myself, but I was literally laughing so hard that I had tears streaming down my face. I had to practically choke myself to keep the giggles from coming out.
I could just imagine my parents sitting next to me going, "What the freak is this?" and laughing with me. It was a very inappropriate time to laugh. But that dang lady got the best of me. Back in 2004, I was at my cousin's funeral, and my aunt was in such a shocked state that she couldn't stop laughing.
She was known to do this at funerals. Because laughing is contagious, I also started laughing a bit and I had to go to the back of the church and to the bathroom to get it out of me. There's a scene in the movie The Pionist, which is about a pretty dark period and place in history. The scene is where a woman is shot in the street and her body folds in on itself as she falls to the ground.
We watched that movie in sophomore year English class after reading the book Night by Elliot Wisel. It was completely silent in the classroom during virtually the entire film. But at that part in particular, some kid just kind of piped up from the back of the class in the silence with this sad disappointed tone in his voice like he just found out the lunch lady was out of chicken nuggets.
Oh, she folded. So many of us busted out laughing and it was completely inappropriate and I couldn't help it at all. The teacher was not pleased. I heard a kid break wind in church during a wedding.
I had to remove myself because I couldn't get it under control. It was one of those loud echo of the old wooden pews tootses. The acoustics in that place were excellent. I was at church for my grandfather's fyear death anniversary and the guy was singing so badly my grandma and I were almost dying from laughter.
Held up a cadaavver's arm. Forgot the arm was detached to the body. Raised it up. Wondered why it was loose.
Panicked that I detached it. dropped it on the floor and thought the professor was going to be mad. Hid the arm under a gurnie while the professor was staring at me half a meter behind. I turned around, looked at her, and laughed.
Worst moment ever. My dude, you just gave us a lot of questions there when you wrote out your story about holding up dead body parts without any sort of context. Was this some sort of mortician school or something? Imagine just saying this verbatim in a conversation with a similar lack of context.
In fact, please do that, please. My father and mother went to a funeral of one of my mother's aunts that she wasn't close to. In fact, my father had never met her. As they stood at the open casket, my father said to my mother, "She just doesn't look like herself." Again, my father had never seen the aunt before.
For whatever reason, this struck my mother as very funny, and she started laughing. She held her hands to her face and ran from the casket. Her sisters saw this and thought she was distraught and followed her out to console her. That was where my mother had to explain that she was laughing and not crying and why it happened.
She was so annoyed at my father. It was hilarious. I had this really nice but really awkward physics teacher in high school. He was a large man but spoke with a lisp and a very soft voice.
Imagine the guy from office space asking for his stapler. That's how he sounded. One day he was giving his lesson and mid-sentence he goes from his voice to what sounded like Satan himself. Okay class, please take out your books.
Excuse [clears throat] me. Must have something in my throat. Then he continued like nothing had happened. I could not, for the life of me, stop freaking laughing, and I was the only freaking one.
It was the most bizarre and freaking hilarious thing I've ever seen. I had to walk out of the class to catch my composure. This was at least 15 years ago now, and I'll never forget it. At a funeral, the pastor kept referring to God as the great comforter, and all I could think of was a techy bedspread glowing with holy light.
Every time he said it, my giggles got worse to the point where I had to pretend I was crying really hard and left to hide in the bathroom. Visiting my grandmother's grave with my grandfather for the first time a few years ago. I expected tears and a solemn day. Instead, we passed a grave marked wonder, and my grandfather said, "Well, I wonder what killed her." None of us could stop laughing.
My grandmother would have loved it, to be fair. My friends from college and I are still super close, even 15 years later. There's an inside joke involving giving people a specific fake name that we always laugh about when we get together. Last week, one of those friends, tried not to be alive anymore.
We'll call him John. John's brother, another of the close friends, called me and told me that Jon had tried to selfdee and that he was at the hospital. Then he tells me that when asked for identification at the scene of the attempt, John gave the paramedics the fake name from college. As sad as I was about what had happened, I burst out laughing so hard when he told me that.
I couldn't help it. I'm laughing now even thinking about it. All of the other members of the group had the same reaction when John's brother called them. All of them.
We've got a lake of fireside property in hell. Thank you. Last year's Thanksgiving, right before the meal, we all stood in a big circle and said a prayer and what we were thankful for.