They lost the stolen car and my colleague asked his driver to stop. He got out and let the driver go without asking for his details. As the driver went into the distance, my mate realized he had taken out his peg, his tunchon in the car and left it on the dashboard. Luckily, the driver rang in later and it was returned.
No idea what happened to the robbers, the stolen car, or the victim. Sorry, not a taxi driver, but when I was 18, driving home late at night in Seattle, I was rearended by a guy and when I tried to call the cops from a pay phone, it was 1992, he pulled a get on me and told me to get in his trunk. So, I knocked him down and ran.
And luckily, there was a cab sitting there at a red light, so I got to jump into it and yell, "Drive. Just drive." He didn't hesitate. He just took off. The guy stayed with me at the 7-Eleven until the cops came.
I won't forget that. I was pretty shaken up. If you're out there reading this now, thank you, taxi driver dude. I had a fair jump in my car who immediately started berating about my car and how Uber doesn't allow drivers to use two-door cars.
This came as a surprise to me because I was not and have never been an Uber driver. I was just parked in front of the hotel waiting for a friend. You know, this has happened to me twice. The second time, the girl was so glued to her phone that she didn't even make eye contact.
I let it roll for a couple of seconds before I finally asked her why she was in my car. She looked up, wordlessly opened the door, and disappeared into the night. Really makes you think about how the world has changed when it's normal to pop into a stranger's back seat, but weird to talk to them once you're in there. I know more than one person who would be that simultaneously inattentive, glued to their phone, and just mentally incapable of dealing with the situation as that last girl.
Yep. Some of us have really been cooked by our phones and modern services, haven't we? Huh. My father was a taxi driver for quite a while.
It never happened to him, for which he was eternally disappointed. He did, however, once get run over by his own car. Okay, and now enough people are asking, so I can essentially give my off-topic answer. This was in the mid '90s in southern England.
Like many taxis of that vintage, he was driving a diesel Citroen BX. Also, like those cars, it had been driven into the ground. In any case, he was dropping off a little old lady at her house at the top of a hill. Being a gentlemanly sort, he helped her out of the back seat and escorted her around the front of the car.
The handbreak [clears throat] cable snapped while they were doing that, and the car began to roll down the hill. He pushed the lady out of the way and got hit. The car dragged him about a 100 yards down the road before a guy out on a run was able to jump in and put his foot on the brake. He was mostly okay.
He had pretty severe friction burn and road rash down one of his legs and up his back. He had to have x-rays on his ribs, too, but they turned out not to be broken or cracked. The little old lady threatened to sue because in his haste to get her out of the way, he pushed her over and she broke her wrist. Old bones, presumably.
Fortunately, the company's solicitor was able to head that off. he could make the case that he'd saved her life, I suppose. When I found out later, I'd have been 14 or 15, I laughed my butt off. I mean, who gets run over by their own car?
It didn't take [clears throat] long to realize how lucky he had been, though. One time after a work party, a bunch of co-workers and I were going to a different bar, and we needed to take cabs. A few of us got into one and the rest into another. One of my co-workers told our cabbie, "Hey, if you can beat that cab, I'll give you an extra 20 bucks." The cabbie smiled in the rear view and said, "Okay, buddy." and started weaving between cars until he got in front of the other cab.
Then he perfectly timed it so he could get the other cab stuck at a red light while he just made it past. With that head start, he really had no need to rush and he calmly got us to the bar first. I think he really enjoyed it and got a pretty nice tip for such a short trip. I was driving in London, utterly confused as this was my first drive on the left side of the road and pregppps, so I had absolutely no clue how to get where I needed to be.
So I stopped a black cab, a taxi, and asked him to chaperone me to the address. "Follow my car," he shouted, and set off at a breakneck speed down taxi lanes, weaving in and out of traffic. "Remember that all black cabs are identical, and London is teeming with them. I've never been so focused or frightened in my life." Once at port in Spain on deployment, we were late in getting back to the ship.
So, we jumped in a cab and said, "There's a good tip your way if you get us there before 10:30." We were there by 10:15, and it was the scariest car ride of my life. It was amazing. I was never told to follow that car, but I was sitting at the Waterburger drive-thru one night, and a guy jumped into my car and said, "I'm not going to rob you or anything, but we need to get the freak out of here right now." Two guys just ran me off the road.
I thought he was full of crap, so I started to argue with him when I noticed two huge dudes pulling a tire iron out of the trunk of a car. One of them pointed at my car and said, "There he is." They started running towards us, so I took the freick off. They gave chase, but I had a head start and I knew the neighborhood. I was driving way too fast for those streets, and I hit a speed bump way too hard, but that head start gave me enough time to turn down a side street and kill the lights.
I saw them pass the street in the rear view mirror and waited a while until I dropped the guy off at his friend's house a block or two away from where we'd hid out. I apologized for not believing him and he thanked me for getting him away. So, this kind of flips the formula a bit, but my partner and I had some guy take off on us on foot and we were chasing him down a semi- major road, but he was smoking us.
Some random person in a minivan pulled over, yelled, "Jump in," and then dropped us off just in front of him. The guy was totally gassed by that point and just went prone on the ground when we jumped out. Seriously, it was like something in a movie. I drove Uber for a little while in New Orleans.
I don't recommend it. And immediately after dropping someone off in the French Quarter, I had a woman jump in the back with a 6-in bedazzled set of heels and yell, "Follow that car." It turned out she was working at a local exotic dance club and had left her phone in the car of a guy she wasn't keen to see again. Unfortunately, we couldn't catch up to him, so I just took her back to her place of work.
A friend driving a cab had this happen once. It was college students out on the town and their friends got into a cab just prior to them. Yes, he chased it to wherever they wanted.