We actually had a blast, and the host ended up having a great time. The party ended up lasting about 24 hours. You can submit your own stories to be featured here on the channel. The story submission link is in the description below.
And if you want to listen to some vibe music in the background, check out Easy Mode, also linked below, and subscribe. When I graduated from high school 3 years ago, I wasn't invited to a single party afterwards. Now, the optimist in you might think, "Oh, people must not have had any parties. Everyone gets invited to graduation events." Well, my dear internet friends, the sad truth is that there was one.
It was held at a local country club. There were over 200 people in attendance for a graduation event of my class of 192. And how do I know this, you might ask? I was present when everyone else was invited.
I was watching the computer when the Facebook event creator, who was our class president, sent out the Facebook invites, and I watched her uncheck my name and one or two other kids' names before sending it. I was also present when the paper invites were given out. The school gave permission to hand them out in our home room.
I was the only one that wasn't given one in my home room. My school doesn't have official graduation events outside of the usual honors day, commencement, and such. Yep, people suck. I went to a surprise party where I was the only non-family member there, and I didn't even know the girl that well.
Turns out her friends were buttholes, but she's an awesome person, and it made her feel better than no one being there otherwise. So, I don't really regret it. On my 21st birthday, I bought a few of my best friends to Six Flags, bought their tickets because they were having a hard time finding work, and spent the day having fun with them.
We planned to leave early and go back to my place to celebrate turning 21 with some drinking. But, as I was driving them back, they got a call and were all invited to a party except for me. So, they all had me drop them off except for one guy who just went home and left me to be alone as they went to a party. So, I spent the night drinking alone as a rag.
I now can't stand the thought of celebrating my own birthday. I should make it clear that these were friends I knew for over 10 years, and this was the only time they ever really behaved like really bad friends. I'm still in rough waters with them, but I went with the everyone gets one mentality. If they ever pull crap like that again, they're gone.
And I don't do them many favors these days, and none of them involving money. My cousin's wedding was sad. rented hall, catered, DJ, maybe 15 people showed up, invited over 150, mostly family. You know, the same sad party story that's going around a lot happened to me in elementary school as well.
My parents moved us around a lot, so I wasn't able to keep friends for a long time. I moved to a new school and decided that the best way to make friends would be to invite a whole bunch of girls to my birthday party. My mom put this whole thing together, and only two of them showed up. I was devastated.
I asked one of the girls from school why they didn't come and she said my mom told me it looked like a child made the invitation so I couldn't go which I am a child. Needless to say I wasn't very socially graceful after that. Wow. This might be the most depressing bunch of stories I've ever read at 3:00 in the morning.
Yep. My social anxiety is coming back just from reading these answers. My mother frequented a 50 plus ageg groupoup chat room on WBS which was once known as the irsocciety.com. This was during the mid '90s.
The regulars eventually started organizing meetups for which they'd later expound upon the great time that was had and wonderful people who met in person. One such regular was a quadriplegic gentleman whose personal aid would type for him. He had been to a few local meetups and everyone really seemed to admire his personality and spirit.
He was on a fixed income and saved for nearly a year to fly without his aid to a meetup on the US East Coast. Only when he was wheeled out to the terminal, nobody was waiting for him and nobody ever came. He spent 10 hours sitting alone, helpless and hoping the alleged woman who had invited him and promised to host him at her house was just very late before finally getting help from a passer by.
Somebody even had the heart to help the guy try calling the listed names in the phone book, but to no avail. He showed up online again a week later, disheartened and angry that he'd let some cold-hearted troll get the better of him under multiple screen names and personalities. Even at the age of 14, when I didn't give two craps about chat room drama, my faith in humanity died a little bit hearing that story.
I threw a toga party and while 300 people said they were going to come, only 20 of them actually did. And one of them crapped himself halfway through the party. Let's spin this tail around. Third grade teacher takes the whole class aside and asks, "All of you were invited to Charles birthday party and none of you went.
What happened?" At which point it became clear that I was the only kid that Charles hadn't invited. The joke was on him because I would have been at that party. Poor kid was at Chuck-E-Cheese all by himself. Wait, so not only was Chucky chucking a party at Chuck-e-Cheese, he never chucked an invite your way.
What a chuck. Although one has to feel bad for him. Hopefully all the ones who never turned up got food poisoning and chucked their guts up. In Spanish culture, it's tradition to have a kinseniera.
I didn't want to have one, but my mom insisted on having it either way. So, she decided to have it in the house, right? It's not very big in my house, and she'd already invited the family and close friends from out of state, out of the country even. So, my mom limited me to inviting five friends, but she got to invite all the people she wanted.
So, we were expecting more than 40 people to show up. Maybe six came. Two of my friends and four family members which lived in the city. The presents were a card with five bucks and some cheap perfume.
But I don't resent that last one because it was with very good intentions from a very sweet poor old lady. I was in a super poofy dress for hours and heels that were killing me while pretty much everyone else was in more or less semi-casual attire. On top of it all, it was raining and it was on my actual day of birth. What bites the most was the following year when we did it for my sister.
She invited the same people, but she decided to have it in a rented space, which I suggested to my mom when she had mine, but she said it just wouldn't work out. She spent almost six times the money on my sisters and even got a DJ and a lavish cake. Almost everyone except for a few came and there were about 105 people invited.
The same people who didn't turn up for mine turned up for my sister. Everyone was all fancy and it was organized, not a complete mess.