Okay, so my dad was a health and hygiene officer in the Air Force back in the early 50s and was stationed in England.
His job included inspecting kitchen and latrine facilities at bases, overseeing quarantine on troops returning home from Europe, and doing health inspections on said troops. He and some fellow H&H officers were on leave in London and decided to have lunch at a pub that was advertising a soup and sandwich deal. They sat down to piping hot bowls of tomato soup and were talking and eating when one of the guys says, "M, good soup.
Nice and meaty." Everyone stops talking as it sinks in that tomato soup should not have meat in it. And my dad reluctantly digs his spoon to the bottom of his bowl and comes up with several well-cooked cockroaches. Being trained in such things, they stormed into the kitchen and confirmed that the place had their soup heating on a back burner uncovered directly below a cold water pipe.
The rising steam condensed to the pipe, making it slippery and causing whatever scured across it to fall into the soup. They yelled at the owner and reported the place, but beyond that, they couldn't do much about the unexpected protein. So, yeah, these stories are pretty gross, but you can put your mind at ease by going to your county health department's website, and they should have a list of recent inspection reports for your favorite restaurants.
Happy eating. Oh, so many stories. Mexican restaurants, Chinese and Italian restaurants are typically the most egregious offenders, which sucks because their food is usually the most delicious as long as you're okay with potentially dying later from it. I've only ever closed down one restaurant.
It's actually much harder in most places than you would imagine. Lots of red tape that prevents field staff and even managers from using their professional judgment in the service of public health. A pizza place was operating without a permit at one point in time. I'd drafted a letter stating that.
And before I went out to hand deliver it, I got a complaint notification. Someone had eaten their pizza the day before and their son had felt glass or something that felt like pulverized glass in his pizza. Backing up for a moment to the red tape thing. We're not legally allowed to investigate or inspect restaurants who don't have a permit.
You can thank the US Constitution for that. You can see the dilemma. We decided the best course of action is to deliver the letter saying they're operating illegally and that it would be in the best interest of their business and the public health to allow us to investigate the nature of the complaint. After I got permission to go in and take a look around, I was appalled.
The manager has fingernails that extend probably half an inch beyond the nail bed and they are caked in flour and other ingredients. The other employee has dirty bandages all over his fingers. Both of these characters are dressed in filthy uniforms. The walk-in cooler has loads of uncovered food sitting beneath stallctites of mold, all beneath a ceiling of black filamentuous fungi.
The pizza prep table has broken doors and hinges and is covered with what I can only describe as putrified ingredients from 2003. It clearly hasn't been cleaned since then. The plastic lexon containers holding the food items in the cooler are all breaking apart and chipping. At this point, I've got a few ideas as to what that guy found in his pizza, and I don't think any of them are glass.
It's probably a fingernail or a band-aid or plastic or maybe broken metal from the cooler itself. Then I see it. The most disgusting can opener I've ever seen. To put it in perspective, mounted can openers are like the lowhanging fruit of every health inspector.
They're almost always out of compliance, and writing one up will make you look like a try-hard jerk who's out to get the restaurant owner in trouble. They're usually not a big deal, except this one. This one is absolutely caked in dried vile pizza sauce goop that has turned black with age. The blade itself is so dull and chipped, it's literally peeling metal filament off into a mass next to the blade.
Every time this thing is used to open a new pizza sauce, which by the way is put into a cracked plastic container and covered with a trash bag to keep the loads of flies away, it deposits metal chips, flakes, filaments, whatever you want to call it, into that sauce and into the bellies of the customers. Needless to say, I was appalled.
I had the person in charge call the store owner who pleaded with me to let him stay open given that they didn't even have a permit to be open in the first place. This was a no-go. I went back the next day with backup and we formally closed them for operation until they could get everything back into working order. Surprise, surprise, they called the next day saying everything's fixed.
And I can't believe it, but it was. Managerial lack of control aside, they must have spent $1,000 in 16 hours cleaning that place. The one dude even clipped his fingernails. Success story maybe.
Gross example of what you get with second rate poorly managed restaurants. Definitely. They're lucky no one has yet died from eating there. I worked at McDonald's.
The mccafe machines were the most disgusting things I've ever seen in my life. So much mold and slime and disgust. The first time I cleaned the machine, I never ordered a Macafe drink again. Just another day at McDonald's.
former inspector here and oh my goodness, I could write a book. First, Burger King had raw sewage coming out of the drain ankle high in the bathroom. Employees acted like it was normal. There was a Taco Bell that had a fly problem.
A customer bought back a taco with a live fly inside. There was mold in some ice machines that I saw. Saw some with gobs and gobs of pink mold oozing in the ice off from the ice blades. A Popeye's chicken serving rotten gray chicken that stank like death.
Chick-fil-A. Another raw sewage backup, but in the kitchen this time with the owner wiping sweat off his face and continuing to make sandwiches. Another Popeye's chicken where the whole building was slanted and about to fall over and still operating. The other Popeye's chicken who knew who I was and who spit in my food.
Wherever you go in this job, there's lots of broken coolers and food well away from the recommended temperatures. A Taco Bell with no AC in the summer. No coolers worked and the employees were sweating into the food. Upper management kept delaying the AC repairs, and it was fixed 3 days after our inspection.
I also watched a GM pull a spatula out of dirty sink water to flip the burger patties. Scratched her butt while handling a burger. And although this doesn't make me sound the best, I'm always extra wary of foreigners buying restaurants because they tended to be the worst offenders. What happened when someone jumped into a taxi and initiated a real life car chase?
I used to drive a taxi for my uncle's company. A guy got in my taxi, says, "Just follow that car." And reassured me it was nothing serious.