It was just at the funeral home, but we had a priest since my parents are Catholic.
My dad is severely disabled, so he was only brought in for the actual service part of the whole shebang. We had calling hours first and then a 15-minute service as it would have been too much for my dad to have longer. So, my dad was sobbing, which was really hard, and the priest was very kind and comforting him before the service.
I stood next to my dad's stretcher and held his hand. Then the service started. Anyone remember those old FedEx or Micro Machines commercials? I think he retired and became a priest.
In the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, we bless this woman. It looked like I was crying for my departed mother, but I was biting my cheeks so hard to keep from laughing that the tears started. I had to walk outside right afterwards so I could let it all out because I couldn't hold it in anymore. Before my dad's brain injury, he would have been right outside laughing with me.
In my school, my geography teacher was notorious for scolding students in the most creative language. And while one of my friends was getting scolded, I think the teacher said something about Shrek's donkey having more brains or something, I couldn't control my laughter and drank water to choke and cough so that I didn't get scolded for laughing.
When my grandfather was dying, he'd do a lot of dark humor that he and I found hilarious. Just silly stuff. Well, the inevitable happened and he passed away and was cremated. His ashes were put in a box and that box was put in a Marks and Spencer's bag.
So my aunt turns up to the plot and people are crying and I swear I hear my grandpa say that better not have left me on the kitchen table and I lost it. I couldn't stop laughing. I could see in my mind's eye someone opening the bag and grandpa just being in there. I just couldn't stop laughing.
My mom kind of got it when I explained as she knew that was something he'd say. a guy on the train in visible pain after an exclamation of oh god from inhaling my poison butt gas and I can't control myself as he's gagging even off the train I continue to lose my composure and choke out unexpected laughter even years later I still do oh god my professor was very solemnly telling us during an emotional discussion about when he watched the north tower fall on September 11th I was so horrified that I started laughing I physically couldn't stop and my eyes were begging for help.
I laugh uncontrollably when I'm uncomfortable, and this was one of my worst moments when a police officer asked 15-year-old me if I'd ordered substances from somewhere, and I had to grin the whole time despite being innocent. When we moved, we suddenly got a package with some pills and some powder in the mail to my name.
I brought it to the police and it tested positive for whatever it was. So, I had to go and get substance tested. And before that, I got asked by this really scary looking bald guy with scars on his head if they were in fact mine. And I just started to grin and laugh while denying it.
I obviously tested negative and I was allowed to go back home. Well, it turns out that someone at our old home that knew we moved out ordered them to our old empty mailbox, but we had made a thing that everyone addressed there and got relocated to the new address, so it landed with us. What are the grossest conditions a health inspector found at a restaurant?
Former health inspector here and current third-p party food safety auditor. A few things come to mind. First was a grocery store so infested with rodents that an entire group of them was living in the dairy cooler. You know, there had to be a lot of them in the store if some of them were resorting to living in a cold room.
There was also a Chinese restaurant getting ready to open for lunch. I walked in and temperature checked the items in the walk-in cooler. All of them were well above acceptable temperatures. The cooler had broken down in the night and it was no longer functioning.
They wanted to serve the food anyway. I had to embargo the entire cooler worth of food and stand there as they filled trash bag after trash bag with meat and took it to the dumpster. As I was leaving the location, I drove around to the back and they had employees pulling it all out of the trash and dragging it straight back into the building.
I had to stop them, make them return it to the dumpster and pour straight bleach all over the food to ensure it couldn't be used. There was also a restaurant so infested with cockroaches that when the manager greeted me at the host stand to take me to the kitchen, he had a roach crawl across his back right in front of me.
And finally, I observed people smoking in the kitchens and in the meat departments of grocery stores. Also observed people using chewing tobacco and keeping their spit cups on the food preparation services. Most of the stuff we think is disgusting isn't necessarily what the general public would even notice. A lot revolves around handwashing.
If you really watch someone during food prep and see all of the things they touch and then attempt to handle ready to eat foods, it's disgusting. People just don't even think about handwashing like they should. My friend in school talked about how trash the place he worked at was. He said stuff like, "If someone dropped a slice of pizza, they'd pick it up and just serve it to the next guy.
They'd do this with all their food. The restaurant part is fancy, but the kitchen was a mess and nobody really cleaned it. How are they still in business? Well, when the first health inspector comes, they'll fail and they have a certain amount of time to correct it.
Then the supervisor of the inspectors comes in, who's a good friend with the restaurant owner, and he passes the restaurant either way. Oh, this isn't even my worst, but I never ate there after this. My first weekend in Canada, I went into Popeye's because who doesn't like mashed potatoes? They were cleaning when I walked in and there was a guy with a pressurized hose blasting the floor and the water was spraying everywhere.
That fine mist of gray floor water could be seen coating the food waiting in the pass. The prep tables everywhere in that tiny space was just getting blasted with floor goop. Some restaurant near me got shut down because they had freshly severed goat heads in the refrigerator. They didn't serve goat.
Huh. Hail Satan, I guess. Well, that cult had to go and find another venue afterwards. I hope you're happy.
I worked at a McDonald's that was just about to get rebuilt and had just narrowly passed inspection. What does this mean? The owner doesn't want to replace anything because the store is about to get torn down. So, the whole place just went to crap.
A drunk person flushed a pair of underwear in the bathroom and clogged the sewage once, causing all manner of awful things to come up through the drains in the kitchen and the stock rooms. We still served food.