But I find a diagnosis is very helpful for them. A few months in, and they tend to have a lot of questions, but even just a Wikipedia entry on the disorder helps a ton. I've been diagnosed with antisocial personality.
Honestly, I hide it. No way anyone can look at you the same way if you confess. I have a close friend who admitted to me that he had a diagnosis of antisocial personality and honestly I was very surprised but it didn't change how I felt about him. It actually helped me understand him a bit better in some ways or at least understand that I might never fully understand him and learn to be okay with that.
To say that I've had a diagnosis or two or been through the ringer a bunch and have had to deal with the repercussions of that would be an understatement. What I can say though is that when I finally addressed it to the people I trust and care about, it lifted a great weight. I guess my advice would be just own it, don't sugarcoat it, joke about it, and overall let loved ones know that you recognize the behavior and move forward with the assumption that it was a learning experience and people progress.
Often it makes you a much better person. I'm dating a woman with borderline personality disorder. I've known her for 8 years. I've been seeing her for a year and a half, and we've been officially dating for a year.
It's hard, but the most rewarding relationship that I've been in. Treatment is definitely key with bipolar disorder. I just can't stand it when I hear people saying that someone with BPD can't have a fulfilling relationship. I swear that's one of the reasons my girlfriend thinks she isn't worthy.
I'm never going to stop treating her like gold. She does the same for me. My fiance has BPD. I'd never tell her, but I came really close to leaving multiple times for the things she did to me.
But it's by far my happiest relationship now that she's treating it, and I've dealt with my own resentment. but we only made it because she recognized what she was doing to me and sought help. Really nice to see this question. I've been with my boyfriend for more than 5 years and was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder about 2 and 1/2 years into our relationship.
Before my diagnosis, even though we got along amazingly and communicated well and were generally happy, I'd find myself throwing toddler-like tantrums at any perceived or imagined slight. I hated this about myself. I thought I was a bad person because I just couldn't control myself. My partner happens to be an amazing people reader.
He just naturally seems to pick up on people's personality and intentions as easily as I notice hair color. He was nothing but understanding. Even though we had little education of mental health, we both knew something was off and he was a constant support as I sought out treatment. I was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder and given a therapist who specialized in PTSD in veterans.
Turns out a lot of my flare-ups were somehow similar to PTSD flashbacks. I was taught a bunch of techniques to use when I felt myself starting to flare out. It was also the first time I realized that my parents had been incredibly emotionally negligent to the point where I hadn't learned to deal with emotions. What was accidentally taught instead was that if I was angry or sad, I was about to be yelled at.
It's taken 3 years, but I found the right combo of meds. I'm not cured, and I'm definitely not perfect, but I don't have flare outs anymore. Sure, I sometimes raise my voice when I shouldn't, or I get into a stupid argument with my boyfriend, but I'm working on myself every day, and we're super solid and super in love. I'm actually typing this besides him aboard a ferry on our way to what will hopefully be our new life.
In 3 hours, I'll be doing the entrance exam for a college program that I'm really excited about. And afterwards, we're checking out the shop he'll be managing in September. We have a cat and a dog together. We illustrated a book together, found a 20,000-year-old fossil together, and foraged together at least once a week.
I have schizioid personality disorder, and it's not really that interesting. I was also diagnosed with anxiety, depression, and schizophrenia, so those took priority. I didn't even realize I had it until I rewrite an old document years later. There's no real treatment for it, but finding out helped me understand myself better.
Also, if you get a mental evaluation done, you should really get a professional to interpret it. I haven't had much success in relationships, but I haven't really tried either. After being diagnosed, I accepted that someone would have to be damn near perfect for a relationship to feel worth it for me, and that person might not exist.
I'm all right with that for now. Don't worry, it doesn't sound like you're too much more picky than a lot of us are in the modern age of dating. Way too many of us look for near perfection. Actually, what's been really nice about this question is seeing the accounts of really great and patient partners who are capable of appreciating what is awesome about their spouses and romantic interests despite the tougher times.
ADHD and medication has made a huge impact on my relationships. I was diagnosed in college since my dad didn't believe in mental health disorders at first. I was ashamed of struggling with basic things that everyone else seemed to do so naturally, like sitting still during meetings at the ripe age of 21 or listen to and remember short instructions from 1 minute to the next.
Even just processing was a nightmare. A baby in a pool in front of me flipped on a floaty boat and I stood there letting the baby struggle for a solid 5 seconds before a panicked mom next to him turned around and flipped him back and I managed to process, "Oh, that baby was in trouble." I generally did okay in school, but teachers always had to give me an extra 5, 10, or 30 minutes on a test after everyone else had finished, even on exams that were easy for me.
By college, I no longer received extra time, and my grades started sinking quick. Despite my best efforts, taking meds felt like looking at everything with your first pair of glasses after years of foggy vision. I realized some people banked on my short memory to steal from me. People would ask to borrow something mid-con conversation, like a wallet, iPod, my homework, and my books, and just never give it back, or like with the wallet, try to return a different item.
Because I could never remember what was mine in detail, and I was ashamed to admit it, I just got used to things going missing. It was one hell of a wakeup call when certain friends were surprised, I actually asked for my stuff back, or when they handed me the wrong item, and I corrected them. My family got angry multiple times when they said that I'd promised X and I pointed out that it was actually Y Zed.
I began to paper trail everything. These days, I live by my list and my schedules. I was still a little late to everything, but my work became much better quality.