He pointed out the hypocrisy of the school mascot and they changed everything. The mascot was switched to holding a flag pole instead. Every instance of the mascot was changed from the multiple signs outside and around the school to the giant picture in the middle of our basketball stadium.
Holden, you're a freaking legend for this. I mean, hey, at least this shows a consistent internal logic and a lack of hypocrisy on the part of the school admin. Although definitely a lack of self-awareness, too. Suspension is a punishment for skipping school.
Don't want to come to school? Well, now you can't until next week. and no tank tops in a desert climate because shoulders are too suggestive for school. They banned hats because hats can be used to signify gang colors.
The only major crime group in our area was the Hell's Angels and they certainly weren't having people wear hats for children to signify their allegiance. It was so bad a few years after I graduated, I came back to volunteer as a chaperone for a school trip as a favor for my favorite teacher. The principal saw me wearing a beanie from across the school and he literally sprinted a half mile to chase me down and tell me to take off the hat.
When I told him I wasn't a student and didn't have to follow the dress code, he said either take off the hat, leave, or he'd call the cops. It wasn't the actual day of the trip. I just had to show up to get the itinerary and stuff. So, I just said, "F you.
I'm out. Idiots." Yeah, that's a great way to get rid of the free help that you need in order to have the trip in the first place. Our adult chaperones were allowed to ignore rules that applied to us kids all the time. And sure, we complained about it and the teachers just told us to shut up.
That's how it worked and how it probably should work. We had percentage grades and if you earned 100% in a class for the semester, you'd be dinged down to 99% because, and I quote, "Only God is perfect." As far as I know, this wasn't an official rule, and I only know of it happening one time to the girl who eventually became our validictorian, but that was the reasoning she was given.
It was a Catholic girl's high school, and there were a lot of other weird strictly enforced rules, especially around the uniform. But the only God is perfect rule will always take the cake for me. Did they just cut the percentage of a single person? Oh my [laughter] god, you got in trouble if you just wore a Hannes white t-shirt after school because you were in your underwear.
You might as well just wear your literal underwear to make a statement at that point. My high school banned t-shirts that had the cover of Russia's album Signals, an album popular at the time, which features an image of a dog sniffing a fire hydrant. They considered it scatological because the dog was about to pee on it.
This struck the entire student body as extremely stupid and roughly half of the student body picked a day to wear the t-shirt. We won. Oh my god. Imagine how terrible it would be if kids found out that dogs pee.
We weren't allowed to have cough drops in our elementary because the school considered them substances. I mean, God help you if you have a headache. Oh, you need aspirin? Well, you need to eat more fiber because that's tough crap.
No fist bumps. Their reason for this was that kids might accidentally punch the other person in the face. The school I went to was in a pretty rough area, so there were lots of incidents where kids ended up getting into actual fights. Took all of the doors off the men's bathroom stalls because of vandalism for two whole months.
Same at my school, but for all of four years. We had no toilet paper or mirrors either. We were all given these ugly planners at the beginning of the school year with a few pages at the back filled with hall passes. If you didn't have your planner or if all of your boxes were filled, you weren't allowed to go to the bathroom.
And no, [clears throat] you couldn't buy a new planner or borrow one from your friend. The only reason you had was if you had a doctor's note. But no doctor was going to give a note for an upset stomach caused by the school lunch. Oh wow, I totally forgot about this until you said this.
We had those, too. Some teachers gave extra credit to kids who'd never used any of their hall passes. I went to a school that had block scheduling, so our classes were 2 hours long. Pretty messed up that we were incentivized to never use the bathroom now that I think back on it.
You can submit your own stories to be featured here on the channel. The story submission link is in the description below. Don't forget to subscribe to Am I the Genius? No jackets.
They think we might hide things like phones or bombs in there. We had to wear belts. Somebody snitched that people weren't wearing belts under their sweaters and they actually checked and a bunch of people got detentions. Stupid.
We had belt raids at my high school where the dean would burst into classes completely interrupting any education to check that everyone was wearing a belt. Attended an all girls high school. You had to bring a male date to dances or not attend at all. No going solo or with your girl mates.
It was so backwards. All of the girls in my sixth or seventh grade started putting pink laces in their shoes. I don't know why, but the school officials banned colored laces, saying pink is a gang color. Girls must wear skirts, even in the cold black rain.
No fitted clothes for girls. This was high school. If the swell of your chest or butt were visible due to tight fabric, you had to go home. This wasn't a religious school.
This was just a school run by dumb pieces of crab. My freshman dorm at a religious college had a list of rules that filled a legal-sized sheet of paper. It included being in your room for forced study time every night, keeping your towels straight on the tail rack, and making your bed by 9:00 a.m. every day, including weekends.
So, if you wanted to sleep in on Saturday morning, you were supposed to get up, make your bed, and then go back to sleep on top of the bed. Involved in a fight, same punishment regardless of fault. And this led to more dangerous fights due to everyone just going for it. Saw people use chairs, cricket bats, and anything that was just at hand.
Getting expelled from that school was really hard as it was the last chance school in the area. And after that, it was the special reform school. My high school had half of the bathrooms closed off at all times because they feared the students would smoke. A girl and a boy couldn't sit together.
The school employed disciplinarians to roam around the school and monitor this activity. If found, you'd get a reprimand. If found repeating the offense, you got sent to the principal's office. And if continuing, then eventually it escalated to the parents.
My parents would have just laughed if my school told them I sat next to a girl. [laughter] We can't use black pens. Why?