Then the stock room where we kept a lot of food items had a ceiling cave in and fiberglass insulation was dangling less than a foot away from food products on shelves.
We were regularly pulling trash cans from the lobby and kitchen anytime it rained to help contain the water from the leaks in the ceiling back in the stock room. I left last November. The store doesn't get torn down for another month, so I can only imagine how crappy it is now. I didn't know Silent Hill had a McDonald's.
I was a tradesman working on a hotel in a fine city in Alberta. The reason I was working on it was because a new owner was renovating and updating the hotel. Their restaurant had a salad bar. Every single member of the kitchen staff got fired when the new owner discovered that the salad bar hadn't been cleaned or sterilized in months.
They just kept adding more food on top of the old stuff. Not an inspector, but a cook. One very popular local restaurant has the worst roach infestation ever. If you picked up the ticket printer and tapped it on the table, you would have 40 to 60 baby roaches just scatter.
Roaches everywhere. They'd fall from the ceiling or crawl onto the plates of food before the server could take it out. It was the most disgusting place. I quit and it's still super popular and still buggy.
That reminds me of mine. I used to inspect fire alarms for grocery stores and we had to open the hoods above the grills to check the fire suppression system. As soon as I pulled the panel off, dead crickets started pouring down. Thousands of them.
I wasn't really sure what to do at that point because I'm an alarm technician, not a health inspector. So, I verified that the alarm switch worked and put everything aside from the mountain of crickets, now on the kitchen floor back where I found it, and told the manager they should hire an exterminator. The same store also had a Black Widow infestation in one of their utility sheds.
One of the news channels where I live does a weekly segment called Restaurant Report Card. It shows the good and bad DHEC reports of the week. There was one Chinese restaurant that had live chickens in the kitchen. There was an article a few years ago about a Chinese restaurant in New York City who was doing some kind of cooking in a back alley and the neighbors noticed.
Hey, Prosperity Dumpling. Damn, that place was tasty though. Tiny hole in the wall. You could get five dumplings for a buck.
The place that replaced it, East Dumpling, reduced the offer to three for a buck. Guess that's the price of Fancy Pants so-called ratree dining. Not a health inspector, but when I worked at Subway, we caught a co-orker doing something inappropriate. My manager had to look at a camera for some unrelated reason.
He was skipping forward and accidentally went too far forward. He noticed that worker putting a bin of tuna on the floor, and he keeps looking at the tape. The worker pulls his pants down and proceeds to enter the bin of tuna. He makes sweet, sweet love to those fish, finishes up, goes into the bathroom to clean off, proceeds to smooth out the bin of tuna, wraps it up, and puts it back in the fridge.
My manager immediately has me throw out the tuna and make more. Needless to say, that guy was fired. And while this was 20 years ago, I still can't eat tuna that I didn't make or see being made. My mom used to be a health inspector.
A bar had a bear ch [laughter] A bar had a bear chained outside and the owners would bring it inside to hang out with the patrons sometimes. Walked into a Mexican restaurant one time and saw some lady soaking some tripe in a mop sink. I saw that and told them to throw it all in the dumpster and bleach it in front of me. My boss had seen a restaurant defrosting raw shrimp in a mop sink with the mop draped over the faucet.
My other coworker had to work a foul odor complaint where this Chinese buffet was closed for about a week without utilities. He walked in and found the food was still in the buffet line. He said the stench was so rotten that he immediately threw up upon opening the door. That food was stewing in its own juices for a week in the Texas summer heat.
Those are the worst ones that I can think of. Not a health inspector, but I do deliver beer, so I see the backs of many restaurants on a day-to-day basis as we're dropping off product in their storage areas. The worst was a buffet that had an inescapable smell of hot rotten milk. Not sure how I even know what that smells like, but it was like they had been microwaving rotten milk for about an hour and left it somewhere.
I had to leave the delivery. My co-orker was sick with a stuffy nose and did it for me as I gagged outside. Talked to a couple of co-workers later that week and they agreed that place always has a very weird aroma. I worked at an ice cream shop when I was 15.
My boss found a mini fridge in an abandoned closed down elderly home. There was still food in there with cottage cheese that expired 3 years prior to me opening it. She gave me two bottles of bleach and said, "Go to town." Now, I pleaded with her not to keep the fridge. Not because I had to do the Charlie work on it, but because it was freaking nasty, even if we did get rid of that mold that was literally eating the plastic interior of the fridge, I didn't feel right putting the food in there and selling that food to the customers.
I cleaned it anyway and put it out on the floor, but refused to put stuff in there. When people put stuff in it, I'd throw it away or move it, depending on what it was. I also had to negotiate with my boss on how often she'd let me clean the fry later grease. I wanted to do it once a day, but ended up only getting a once a week approval, which was better than once a season like she had been doing it.
To make everyone feel better, I used to work at Costco, and that place was really clean. The ice cream machine was dismantled and cleaned at least every week. It took 2 hours each time. The fryer was emptied and cleaned every day.
In the food court would spend hours on cleaning alone. The meat department was hosed down with disinfectant and scrubbed every day. Someone was hired just to clean the bakery department during the evening. The health inspector was seen shopping there a couple of times, which I think is good news, right?
I may not have a great experience working there, but I know it's clean. Your story of healthiness and hygiene has no place in this video. Go back into the sanitary abyss from whence you came. I cast you out.
I worked for a company that had a lunchroom with an older woman who cooked our breakfast and lunch. I think she was a friend of the owners. She'd bring in a daily special like chili, but also made sandwiches and whatnot. We had out of town customers, and when lunchtime came around, the secretaries would set up lunch in a conference room by the lunchroom, and the lady would make something special just for them.
So, I was taking away plates after those people had eaten and bringing them to the lunchroom for lunch lady to load the dishwasher.