The presents were good makeup, good perfume, and about 600 bucks cash in cards and some shoes and clothes. Needless to say, after that event, I felt like crap and felt like there is definitely a favorite in the family.
On my 12th birthday, I told my parents that I'd pay for my whole party, and I did, and it was awesome. Well, it would have been if anyone else but my best friend and brother showed up. So, there I was with my best friend and brother at a private laser tag room, stuffing our faces with party food and stuff like that. when my mom called one of my other friends moms and the kid picked up and just started laughing.
I cried in the toilets, but my best friend cheered me up. I got a job and used all of my spare time to pay for that. It was a $700 party. All of that money was down the drain and I even did my homework in school at lunch.
After that, my parents took me to the pound and I took home a puppy, so I guess he made everything much better. And Tommy, I know you live online, you troll. And if you're hearing this, I hate you for telling everyone else not to come. And to Lachlan and Ash, thanks for being the only true friend, Ash.
And Lachlan, thanks for being an awesome brother. I went to a costume party. It was not a costume party. I've resolved that if this ever happens to me, I'm just going to simply act normal.
And when people ask me why I'm wearing a costume, stare at them quizzically, and ask costume. When I was in primary school, about 6 or 7 years old, this guy invited all 30 of the people in our class to his birthday. I didn't know him very well, so asked everyone else if they were going, and they said that they were. So, the day of the party, nobody else was there except him, his cousin, and his parents.
No one else showed up at all. But it was their loss because there was a crap ton of pizza and an endless supply of junk food for us. The guy who threw the party became my best friend and still is 16 years later. I have a heart warmer for all of you to make up for all these tragic stories.
Although, it starts with a snub. I have a friend, let's call him Jed, who went to a high school levers party. This guy was given a bad roll of the dice when it came to certain jeans. He was unusually short, getting plump, had glasses, wasn't great in the looks department, and had a bit of a geeky aspect going on.
But all in all, he was a very likable guy if he weren't shallow as f. And I've had many good times with him, even though sidebyside, we look like the main characters in the film Twins. Jed, if you're listening to this, by the way, hi. You can probably tell who I am.
Anyway, Jed was invited to this lever's party hosted by this chick who was hot. A star pupil, basically the real life equivalent of the movie Prom Queen, only stereotypically shallow and witchy. We'll call her Kez. Not normally socially popular at that point, Jed was getting on fine with the other guests, even though he wasn't great friends with many of them.
And the guy he was getting on particularly well with was the brother of the hostess. Anyway, long story short, at one point as Jed was going to get a drink or more snacks or something, Kez turned around, spotted him, and in a move straight out of some cheap cheerleader movie, made a disgusted face, and said, "Oh, who invited him?" Loud enough for Jed and several others to hear.
The feeling of embarrassment must have been sickening for him. I wasn't there or I'd have told her where to shove those words and left with him, but he had nobody backing him up at the time. It kind of wrote off his nice, so he went back to the crowd he'd been hanging with and started to diplomatically say his farewells to the people he'd been talking to, reckoning the night wasn't going to get any better.
Some of the people he was saying goodbye to were surprised he was leaving so early and so suddenly, as they'd been having a good night together, they didn't know what had just happened. And one of the people who was curious was the brother of Kez, that witchy hostess. He saw that Jed looked a little upset and asked what was wrong.
So Jed told him. The guy listened, looked over at his sister, who seemed to be looking back at him uncomfortably. The guy asked if Jez could stay while he sorted something out, but Jed said he needed to leave. The guy shook Jed's hand and apologized profusely on behalf of his sister and said that Jed would be missed.
Jed went into the hall and got his coat. He put on his shoes and opened the front door. He turned back to give a final wave to the people at the party and was treated to the sight of Kez, the hostile hostess, and her brother standing in a corner. Kez's brother was clearly angry and giving Kez a real piece of his mind.
Kez was bright red with embarrassment and openly crying while her friends took their turn being frozen with sympathetic shame for the second time that night. From what I know of KZ, it was long overdue. In short, nerdy friend of mine gets rudely snubbed at high school levers party by the hostess. Hostess gets humiliated for her attitude in front of everyone by her own brother.
When you subscribe, make sure to hit the bell to turn on notifications. Put the playlist on in the background to finish listening to all the stories. Or if you want some vibe music to put on in the background, check out Easy Mode. If you like Am I the Genius, give Am I the Jerk a shot?
Everything linked in the description.