Anyway, I'm working one day and one of the other techs who'd been there forever and a half tells me to go install a modem in some guy's computer.
I'm shaking my head because this is 2009 and I can't believe anyone would be requesting a modem. I asked him if he's sure before I go out there. He said he was. So, I went out and sure enough, he doesn't need a modem at all.
He needs a wireless card or adapter. I call, go back to the store, get the card, head back to the customers, install it, head back, and yell at the guy for being an idiot. As common sense would tell anyone reasonably competent that he didn't need a modem. Long story short, next week the boss came in and fired me because the other guy made up some absolute crap about me drilling a hole in a motherboard to fix a PC, which made no sense whatsoever.
On my way out, I rolled my eyes and said, "Fine, whatever." Grabbed my stuff and left. The owner freaks out and follows me into the parking lot, yelling and screaming and ranting and raving and trying to pick a physical fight. I just calmly walked to my car, went home and had a beer. I found out later that shortly thereafter, the other guy was busted for fraud and the owner went bankrupt.
Shortly before taking way too many substances for one person and self-deing. When I worked at Circuit City, I had an 80 GB iPod that my dad had given me because he no longer needed it. It was practically brand new. Even when I first plugged it into my computer, it came up as Richard's iPod.
Well, one day it was in my purse that I kept under my counter while I was working. It went missing. I couldn't understand how it had gotten stolen. It had been one of the slowest days ever.
Nonetheless, I was pretty freaking bummed out about it. This happened during a time where the case we kept iPods in was broken and it was horribly easy to steal them and many had gone missing. Fast forward to a few weeks later. My coworker told me that my recently left for another job department manager thought I was the one stealing iPods and that he got into my purse when I wasn't looking and took it to check the serial number but never gave it back because I was flipping out and causing a bit of a scene walking around asking everyone if they'd seen anyone take it.
I was freaking livid. I can tell you. Folks, if you're so afraid of admitting that you're wrong that you're going to straight up just commit theft, then you really need to take a good look at yourself and head to a therapist's office. That is after you give back the 80 GB iPod that in the late 2000s was worth an ungodly amount of money.
Right. Several years ago, I was working for a sporting goods store as the customer service desk guy. Mostly what I did was returns and some special stuff with ticket master and hunting and fishing licenses. While it wasn't a glamorous job, I did like it because I'm an outdoorsy guy, so the clientele were fun to talk to.
One day, we were informed we were getting a new general manager as the old one, who was decent but distant, was being transferred. The new manager was a raving harpy butthole seawword. She enjoyed making employees upset, didn't give a flying frick about our customers, did nothing to improve anything about the store, and kept the other managers in her office with endless meetings about quote improving the store.
After a few months of this bull crap and seeing some of the high school girls hired to work in shoes crying after her ranting at them, I had enough. I wrote a rather eloquent letter to corporate about her behavior and actions and had several employees sign it. Two days later, several regional higher-ups arrived and proceeded to chew her out big time.
She was suspended for two weeks and told that if the store didn't improve within the next quarter, she'd be fired. But that's just the beginning of the story, dear listener. I thought I'd won, but no, I had not. Apparently, she found out it was me who wrote the letter.
She probably got told by one of the other employees. I'm not so sure. And she was out for revenge. She got into the computer system and started to fake records showing I've been selling gift cards to myself, pocketing the cash difference and then buying merchandise with those cards, mostly candy and pop and small stuff, which she was probably pocketing since our counts weren't ever off.
She then called in loss prevention, who weren't doing their jobs too well because they didn't look closely at the files and their last edited dates. Yay for Windows NT office because they believed her and called in the county sheriffs. Two deputies came in, looked over the evidence. To their credit, they asked, "Are you sure?" And can you explain this several times, and I got the feeling they were unsure about the whole mess.
Nice guys, too. They offered to take me out through the back instead of parading me past customers. They let me have a cigarette before we left and were generally courteous and respectful. Anyway, I ended up getting arrested on felony theft charges.
Taken to jail, booked, the whole shebang. I was in tears for pretty much 3 days. But I knew this was bull crap. So I went to my parents to help hire a lawyer for me.
I told him the whole story and said, "Under no circumstances were we pleading out to anything." He said, "Okay." And set up a meeting with the DA to talk about motions and such. When we arrived, the DA was all smiles and very polite. He informed me that the paperwork wasn't quite done yet, but they were dropping all charges and filing false report charges against my old manager.
The investigators had looked over the evidence and found that A, the files for almost 3 months worth of thefts had been edited on two days, neither of which I'd been present for, but that she had, and B, they'd all been edited from her computer, a computer I didn't have access to. And C, several of the thefts occurred on days when I was in the system as being out of state on vacation.
I felt a lot happier after that and felt even better when my ex- boss was found to have fled the state and checked herself into a mental hospital for a nervous breakdown. She was eventually brought back, charged, and convicted. Last I saw, she was an assistant manager at a gas station. While I'm now a federal firefighter and in school to become a police officer, and I'll make damn sure I read out every bit of evidence put in front of me, it's only after I saw her pumping gas that I could claim victory over her.
I worked in retail as a cashier at a pet store for a long time. And occasionally, when there was nothing going on, I just grab a couple of tennis balls and juggle them to keep myself amused. I'm pretty good at it. I can do three in all sorts of ways without looking at it or thinking about it.
So, I converse with customers perfectly normally when needed to, and most of them find it funny. If I suspected otherwise, I'd stop before they even made it close to conversation range, and I'd done it long enough that I was a pretty good judge of that kind of thing.