Now, not everyone had finished their meals. It was chicken and rice this day. It was rather late and I had an employee come in asking her to make him something.
I was going back and forth doing my thing and I see her scrape the leftover food back into the pot from several plates. I ask the guy who was reading something, so not looking at her, if he wants chicken and rice. He says, "Sure." And she makes him a plate of leftover food that she had scraped off the plates I gave her. I know I should have said something, but I just noped out of there real quick.
It bothered the heck out of me, so I confessed to a coworker and she thought, "You have to tell the boss." I did. It escalated to the owners and the lunch lady was fired. My mother briefly became the head of the health inspection for our county. I recall two good stories.
First, she noted that even though there were many violations, there seemed to be no punishment from the departments for restaurants that forced them to fix these things except for new restaurants. She asked why, and their response was that these restaurant owners are our friends. if we punish them or find them or send out a violation notice, they might not like us anymore.
She tried to fix that, but as you'll see later, she ended up quitting prematurely. There was this guy, an old dude who was quote close to retirement. He was a crap stain on society. He was verbally toxic and creepy to the lower level inspectors, not to my mother, who is well matronly.
What she did do was fire his butt, but the county board rehired him since he was apparently close to retirement. After he attacked some of the women in the office, she fired him again. This was like month two of the job. And then five people on the county board and her all had flat tires the same day, and they discovered that each of them had a box of nails emptied at the bottom of their driveway.
So, the county board rehired the guy again, and naturally, she quit. You can submit your own stories to be featured here on the channel. The story submission link is in the description below. And if you want to listen to some vibe music in the background, check out Easy Mode, also linked below and subscribe.
Health inspector here. I just shut down a place due to a severe cockroach infestation. I also shut down a restaurant a while back as there was a severe rodent problem. I'm talking droppings everywhere in the utensil bins, on the food prep surfaces, just everywhere.
Owners were brushing it aside as they worked. Live mice stuck to glue traps under the sinks. And there was one other place with a rodent infestation. The owner just left cardboard boxes of open poison throughout the restaurant.
Although we can order a place closed. It doesn't happen that often. We try to educate first and work with the operators. Having said that, sometimes a ticket or a closure order is the only thing that will work.
Most places I inspect are pretty decent. A lot of what we see is a lack of safe food handling procedures and handwashing. You know, like preparing raw chickens with gloves on and then placing the gloved hands right into the flour. Tossing the chicken, touching sink taps, cooler doors, and stuff with no hand washing.
Also, cultural backgrounds and the way the food was prepared back home might not meet the standards in Canada. We also inspect personal services, nail salons, tattoo shops and stuff, drinking water system, and private septic systems and pools. I'm not a health inspector, but I worked at a restaurant that was barely skirting by on the inspections.
We had a big roach problem, but we did a good job of keeping them out of the actual food, which I guess is the big thing they look out for with health inspections. The most egregious issue, though, was the time I was making milkshakes and accidentally cut my arm on the metal counter. Well, I didn't notice how bad the cut was until I saw blood in the ice cream tub.
Being a responsible person, I go to throw the ice cream out when the manager interrupts me, saying I should use the first aid kit, and they'll take care of the ice cream. Well, I came back to the same tub of ice cream, returned to the freezer, but the blood scraped out of it. They had kept using the ice cream. I want to clarify that they scraped the blood out before continuing to use it, so they didn't technically serve my blood directly to people, but there were probably still trace amounts.
I was in the training program to be a state health inspector after I graduated college. The majority of inspections weren't memorable, and small stuff got written up, like temps being too low or high, not having gloves accessible, storing meat boxes on the ground, stuff like that. The two inspections that I remember being horrible were both at low-end Chinese restaurants in strip malls.
In one inspection, the walk chef had an overflowing ashtray right next to the meat bins. Rodent droppings, piles of dead flies behind the range, open doors to the outside. It was just nasty. We also had to check the soda machines and their hoses.
The soda line at one place was so caked with mold and funk that it was a miracle the soda could even get through. We couldn't figure out how any previous inspector had missed that or what the freak had happened. The soda tap was the worst because it ruined eating out and having a mixed drink. I'll never be able to drink anything out of a soda line ever again.
I got a better job offer 2 months after that and ran out of that job. Yeah, being a health inspector is one of those jobs that seems to affect people's perceptions of the things they eat in a probably beneficial but unpleasant way. Ignorance is bliss, I'll say. I'd rather not know how many parasites I'm constantly shoving into the decaying and decrepit ancient temple that is my body.
Former employee of a few food and drink related places. Let me tell you about rat droppings in the pizza boxes. The fry cook dropping things and then just picking them back up to fry. He reasoned that the oil was hot enough to burn off anything.
That oil was only changed weekly, if not bi-weekly sometimes. The ice cream shop where no hairetss or gloves were offered or needed. So manager's hair ended up in the ice cream. Also questionably clean hands making cones.
Slime and mold colonies, not growth. We're talking freaking civilizations in the ice makers and soda spouts at a whole chain of gas stations. As far as I know, I was the only one who ever cleaned those at my location alone. And whenever I babysat another store, also the coffee urns, black bottoms and grinds caked on the inside.
If you live near them, go to racetrack or sheets. Those places have the cleanest urns and spouts I've ever seen. I worked at a buffet about 8 years ago and my kitchen manager used to drop food back into the fryer after dropping it as well. I was disgusted by this on my first day.
The next day, I found out that our soup was only made once a week. I called the health inspector and took a few pictures before abruptly telling the few customers what they were eating and subsequently quitting my job.