Except when the other car stops, he gets out and runs to the car we were following and drags the guy out and starts just punching him in the face. I got out and was yelling at him and calling him a butthole for lying to me.
And he got all in my face and threatened to beat the crap out of me, too. Said a bunch of racist things to me and then ran off. The guy who got punched had his nose broken. The weirdest part was that he had no idea who that guy was.
I'm actually a taxi driver in a bike or taxi pedic. I was hanging out in a corner when a co-orker of mine got a ride across the intersection. Suddenly, a guy walks up to me and tells me to follow that cab, but keep a distance. The guy looked current or ex-military.
His demeanor, haircut, and attitude. He had one of those earbuds like the agents from the Matrix. Exud the vibe of being a very professional and competent person and not giving an F at the same time. So, I was born for this moment.
I'd read all the Tom Clansancy books as a kid, all the books about spycraft during World War II and the Cold War, every spy movie ever made. I kept about 100 yards distance and then I'd accelerate when they went around a curve anytime they were near a light or intersection. I had all the lights memorized. I did this just to ensure that we'd make the same light, but a little later than they did.
At one point, a car pulls up alongside and another guy switches place with the original guy, and we keep going. After about 12 blocks, the pedic pulls over ahead of us, and the guy tells me to pull over, hands me 20 bucks for the $12 ride, although I would have done it for free just to live my 9-year-old fantasy. I mean, it was probably just local cops, but I can dream.
I was in New Orleans, and the cab I was in got sideswiped by a drunk driver. The drunk driver then took off. I told the cab to follow him, which he did. We ended up in a parking lot, and we watched them go into an apartment building.
The cabbie had the station called the cops. I wrote a statement for the cabbie and he called me a new cab while he waited for them. I did that once as a passenger. We said it as a joke.
We were in a group of six and couldn't fit in a single cab. So, I went to a second cab and said, "Follow that cab." We expected the driver to laugh it off and asked for our destination. Instead, he just took off and followed the first one. I mean, I hope you said, "You never saw us, okay?" and tipped him a hundred bucks.
I love the idea of doing this and just leaving the poor guy in his car wondering if he had just aided and embedded a hit on someone. Also, got to love how gung-ho some of these drivers are. They're completely ready to leap into action. I once had somebody jump into my car and I wasn't even a taxi.
I was driving down the street in Boston and was stopped at a red light, minding my own business. Suddenly, my passenger door flung open and someone climbed in. Completely shocked, I didn't even have time to react. For some reason, it never entered my mind that I should be alarmed or concerned about the trespasser.
So, when I saw that it was an elderly lady, I just remained calm. Without skipping a beat, she said in a thick Russian accent, "You'll take me home, please." So, I started driving. I asked where she lived, but she said, "Just keep going. I told you when to stop." At that point, it dawned on me that she probably had dementia and that she likely thought I was someone she knew or maybe even a taxi.
Nope. After a few minutes of conversation, it was abundantly clear that this woman had simply picked the first car she had seen, got in, and requested a ride. During the 10-minute car ride, she asked about my life. I was in college studying psychology at the time, and when I told her this, she said, "You make good psychologist." Very nice boy.
It put a big smile on my face. My grandparents had all died either before I was born or during early childhood. So, I don't think I'd ever had an elderly person say something like that to me. It felt nice.
Finally, we reached an apartment building and she told me to pull over. When I put the car in park, she turned to me and said, "Thank you draving me today." I assured her it was no problem at all and wished her the best. And her parting words to me as she climbed out were, "Very good boy. Good luck with studies." After pausing a moment, I drove away and just kind of let it be.
It was such a nonchalant and comfortable interaction that I resisted my temptation to immediately text friends to tell them what had happened. It felt like that would have cheapened it or turned it into a novelty. It was just so natural and I went with it. She's unlikely to be alive at this point, but I hope she enjoyed the rest of her days.
Godspeed, Russian grandma, I had for a day. You know, sometimes people do leap into my cab and shout, "Follow that car." But it's usually followed by, "H, I've always wanted to say that." A friend of mine is a taxi driver, and this has happened to him. An elderly man rushed inside his taxi and pointed out loud to follow a red Toyota.
This man never explains why to follow, just tries to frantically call someone. My friend asked multiple times if they needed to call the police, but the man just waved no and pointed to follow the car. They circle around town, finally ending up in front of a house where the car they were following parks. As the car stops, the man says, "Hold on a moment.
I'll pay." And jumps out of the car. An elderly lady steps out of the red Toyota and the man, apparently her husband, starts to scream, "Why did you leave me at the mall?" The woman is waving her hands and screaming back, "What are you screaming about? You're here." And walks inside the house like nothing has happened. The man returns and pays for the drive, being sorry about it all at the same time.
My friend thought they were following a burglar or something, but it turned out the lady just forgot her husband at the mall. Funny situation in a way, but sad in a way, too. As my friend said, it was either dementia or a really screwed up marriage. Oh, I'm not a taxi driver, but I was the passenger for a story that is similarly cliche.
Back when I was an actor and an active substance addict and alcoholic. What's the difference between those three? I know. I had a director threatened to recast me a week before the show if I was late to rehearsal one more time.
To put that into perspective, recasting a major role after rehearsals have started is generally unheard of and almost unthinkable so late in the rehearsal process. She was really fed up with me. On this particular day, I was running late as usual and had 5 minutes to get to rehearsal. It was a 10-minute walk or a 5-minute drive.
I flagged a cab, hopped in, and said, "I need you to take me to this address, and if you can, I need you to step on it." The driver smiled wide and said, "I've always wanted to hear that." Cue him, putting the pedal to the metal. Within 10 seconds, we were approaching 65 mph on a 30 mph city street, weaving through traffic, clipping yellow lights too close for comfort, and generally whipping this cab around in an extraordinarily haphazard and irresponsible fashion.