Cue a day such as that, I was bored and juggling while I watched the front door.
A family comes in with little kids. They laugh at the juggling man and come to talk to me for a little while about reptiles and juggling, of course, while I try to teach one of their sons, who was 5 or 6 years old, how to juggle because he asked me to. Good times were had by all. They walk off and do their shopping with their little son trying to juggle the mini tennis balls that I gave him.
Immediately, I got called into the bank by the assistant manager with another manager present as a witness, I guess, who decides he's going to rip me a new one for being disrespectful to the customers by juggling and not giving them my full attention. I respectfully, and perhaps sarcastically, no promises, disagree. And when he looks to the other manager in the room to back him up, you could just tell the guy was completely uninterested in getting involved.
And he basically had nothing bad to say. The assistant manager continues to lay into me a bit more. says he's going to work with me on not being disrespectful like that and if it continued [clears throat] would have to talk about my employment. I leave.
Months later, the new store manager gets hired, walks to the front with the assistant manager, and sees me juggling. The assistant manager gets the look that he's about to rip me a new one, but the store manager laughs, compliments me on my juggling, goes grabs [clears throat] his own tennis balls, and starts juggling as well.
Oh boy, the look on the assistant manager's face was priceless. A year after I started working for a company as a graphic designer. It turned out I was also the marketing and web design departments as well. My wife got pregnant with our first child.
This was an office mostly filled with middle-aged women. I was in my mid to late 20s and they were all excited and even threw us a baby shower. All went well and my son was born and I took 2 weeks vacation time to be with my wife and child. Two weeks that I'd saved up, by the way, not even parental leave.
I came back and my boss was suddenly very aloof and non-communicative with me where previously she and I were pretty close. This went on for several months until I learned that budget cuts have eliminated my position effective in 6 months time. I found out through my co-workers I found out that my boss was angry I had had a baby and wasn't dedicated to the cause.
She was also at the budget meeting and initially there were no cuts to our division but she threw me under the bus saying my work was non-essential. So here I am with a young family and staring down the barrel of unemployment. Turns out though that another company had been following my work and were eager to sign me on. Needless to say, I didn't do crap for the next 6 months and I'm now happy at my current position and making more moolar to boot.
The company is now in the crapper and I poached one of their biggest clients on the way out. In short, I wasn't part of my ex- boss's fascist view of the future since I started a family. When was the cringe so strong that you barely survived? My sister went to an 18th birthday with three friends where over 120 people had RSVPd and only the host, his parents, and his girlfriend were there.
She was telling me about it today and I couldn't think about anything except how horrible high school people can be. So, here's the story. This guy set up a Facebook event for this party at this big hall and out of the 700 plus people invited, 120 people RSVPd. So, it's not like nobody knew about it.
Considering the amount of people that knew about it and come, even if they hadn't clicked attending, was the fact that this guy booked a massive hall that could cater for such a large event. This cost him around $1,500, which included food and security and stuff. Then, he decided instead of using an iPod, which would probably get lost or stolen, he'd hire a DJ that cost 400 bucks.
For all of this, the host had spent months working overtime, so he was actually able to afford it and hold quote the best party ever. Come the night of the party, weeks of preparation, money, and organization, this party is expected to go off. My sister headed off to this massive venue fashionably late as well, and nobody else was there.
Much to their surprise, it's just an empty hall with lights going on and a DJ doing his thing. Then she finds the host and asks the normal questions. Where is everyone? And stuff like that.
He's as baffled as my sister was. Not even his best mates had shown up, which was the most surprising part. Now, this is just the most gut-wrenching part of the whole thing. He then calls his friends.
He asks them, "Where the hell are you guys?" And obviously, on loudspeaker, an uproar of laughter comes from the person speaking, and you can also hear it in the background. He starts crying and everything. Absolutely devastated about what has happened. He's out of pocket, $1,900 at least.
And knowing that all his friends possibly organized a boycott for his event. When I told this story, I couldn't stomach how harsh and horrible people can be. I'd never have thought this could have happened, especially on such a large scale as this. For my high school's 5-year anniversary, one enterprising student made a Facebook group and went through the yearbook, adding everybody that he could possibly find.
About 630 of the roughly 700 students from our graduating class joined the group and started in on how everyone was doing, where everyone was living and stuff. When he sent out invites to get together, about 150 people said yes, and 300 or so said maybe. The guy who organized it rented out a private room at a bowling alley, paid for a bartender, and got a ridiculous amount of food and such.
as well as having all four yearbooks and putting together a DVD of random videos from sporting events, plays, funny skits from the school news, everything. This guy went all out. On the day of the reunion, five people came. The guy who organized it and his girlfriend, who wasn't even in our class, myself and a friend, and one random person who I recognized but never spoke to, and another guy who actually worked at the bowling alley.
Quite possibly the saddest thing I've ever seen. The look of defeat on the guy's face was crushing. I've never felt such a vicarious humiliation in my life. We ended up just getting drunk and bowling a few games before the black cloud of shame left everyone silent and my friend and I left abruptly.
And to Allan, if you read this, everyone in our class was a butthole. Anyway, sorry, bro. Oh, boy. Is this going to be an entire video of people being humiliated and financially broken because people ditch their parties?
Because I'm not sure I can survive that. Oh, thank God. Well, the next one is only about grievous bodily harm. I decided that I'd go to my junior prom, even though I had no date and all of about three friends at the time, none of whom were going.