This leaves my remaining hand free to scrape sludge. “Tank Four was 5.25 percent, right?”
“Not right. Five point two zero percent.”
“Okay. So we’re up to Taumoeba-52. Doin’ good.”
“How is progress, question?”
“Slow and steady,” I say.
I flick a wad of gunk off into the void. I wish I could just flush the tanks with nitrogen and call it a day. After all, this Taumoeba has no nitrogen resistance at all. But it wouldn’t work. The gunk is several centimeters thick. No matter how much nitrogen I pumped in, there would be some Taumoeba it doesn’t get to—shielded by a centimeter-thick wall of their brethren.
			 All it takes is one survivor to start an infestation when I refill the tanks with Rocky’s spare Astrophage. So I have to muck the tanks out as best I can before doing the nitrogen cleanse.
“You fuel tanks are big. You have enough nitrogen, question? I can give ammonia from Blip-A life support if you need.”
“Ammonia wouldn’t work,” I say. “Taumoeba doesn’t have a problem with nitrogen compounds. Just with elemental N2. But don’t worry, I’m fine. I don’t need as much nitrogen as you think. We know 3.5 percent at 0.02 atmospheres will kill natural Taumoeba. That’s a partial pressure of less than 1 Pascal. These fuel bays are only 37 cubic meters each. All I need to do is to squirt a few grams of nitrogen gas in here and it’ll kill everything. It’s amazingly deadly to Taumoeba.”
I put my hands on my hips. An awkward pose in the EVA suit and it causes me to float away from the wall, but it fit the situation. “Okay. Done with Fuel Bay Three.”
“You want xenonite patch for hole now, question?”
I float out of the fuel bay and into space. I pull on my tether to bring me back to the hull. “No, I’ll do all the cleaning first, then close them up in a separate EVA.”
I use the handholds to get to Fuel Bay Four, anchor myself in place, and fire up the Eridian AstroTorch.
* * *
—
Xenonite makes for some pretty darn good pressurized gas containers.
My fuel bays are all freshly cleaned and resealed. I gave them all about a hundred times as much nitrogen as it takes to kill any natural Taumoeba hanging around. And then I just let it stay there for a while. I’m taking no chances.
After a few days of sterilizing, it’s time for a test. Rocky gives me a few kilograms of Astrophage to work with. I remember when “a few kilograms of Astrophage” would have been a godsend to everyone on Stratt’s Vat. But now it’s just, “Oh hey. Here’s a few quadrillion Joules of energy. Let me know if you want more.”
			 I divide the Astrophage into seven roughly equal blobs, vent the nitrogen, and squirt one blob into each fuel bay. Then I wait a day.
During this time, Rocky is aboard his ship plugging away on a pumping system to transfer Astrophage from his fuel tanks to mine. I offer to help, but he very politely declines. What good could I do aboard the Blip-A anyway? My EVA suit can’t handle the environment in there, so Rocky would have to build me a whole tunnel system…it’s not worth it.
I really want it to be worth it. It’s an alien freakin’ spaceship! I want to see the inside! But yeah. Got to save humanity and stuff. That’s the priority.
I check the fuel bays. Any live Taumoeba will have found the Astrophage and snacked on it. So if the Astrophage is still there, the bay is sterile.
Long story short: Two of the seven bays weren’t sterile.
“Hey, Rocky!” I yell from the control room.
He’s aboard the Blip-A somewhere, but I know he can hear me. He can always hear me.
After a few seconds, the radio crackles to life. “What, question?”
“Two fuel bays still have Taumoeba.”
“Understand. Not good. But not bad. Other five are clean, question?”
I steady myself with a handhold in the control room. It’s easy to float off when you’re concentrating on conversation. “Yeah, the other five seem good.”
“How Taumoeba in bad two bays survive, question?”
“I probably didn’t clean them well enough. Some gunk remained and shielded live Taumoeba from the nitrogen. That’s my guess.”
“Plan, question?”
“I’m going back into those two, scraping them down some more, and I’ll sterilize them again. I’ll leave the other five sealed for now.”
“Good plan. Do not forget to purge fuel lines.”
With all the tanks infected, it’s safe to assume the fuel lines (currently sealed off) will also be infected. “Yes. They’ll be easier than the tanks. I just need to blow high-pressure nitrogen through them. It’ll clean out the chunks and sterilize the rest. Then I’ll test them the same as the fuel bays.”
			 “Good good.” He says. “What is status of breeder tanks, question?”
“Still making good progress. We’re up to Taumoeba-62 now.”
“Someday we find out why nitrogen was problem.”
“Yeah, but that’s for other scientists. We just need Taumoeba-80.”
“Yes. Taumoeba-80. Maybe Taumoeba-86. Safety.”
When you think in base six, arbitrarily adding six to things is normal.
“Agreed,” I say.
I enter the airlock and climb into the Orlan EVA suit. I grab the AstroTorch and attach it to my tool belt. I turn on the helmet radio and say, “Beginning EVA.”
“Understand. Radio if problem. Can help with my ship hull robot if you need.”
“I shouldn’t need it, but I’ll let you know.”
I seal the door behind me and start the airlock cycle.
* * *
—
“Screw it,” I say. I press the final confirmation button to jettison Fuel Bay Five.
The pyros pop and the empty tank floats off into the nothingness of space.
No amount of scrubbing, cleaning, nitrogen-purging, or anything else could get the Taumoeba out of Fuel Bay Five. No matter what I did, they survived and chowed down on the test Astrophage I put in afterward.
At a certain point, you just have to let go.
I cross my arms and slump into my pilot’s seat. There’s no gravity to properly slump with, so I have to make a conscious effort to push myself into the seat. I’m pouting, darn it, and I intend to do it right. I’m missing a total of three of my original nine fuel bays. Two from our adventure over Adrian, and another one just now. That’s about 666,000 kilograms of fuel storage I no longer have.
			 Do I have enough fuel to get home? Sure. Any amount of fuel that can make me escape Tau Ceti’s gravity is enough to eventually get home. I could get home with just a few kilograms of Astrophage if I didn’t mind waiting a million years.
It’s not about getting there. It’s about how long it’ll take.
I do a ton of math and I get answers I don’t like.
The trip from Earth to Tau Ceti took three years and nine months. And it was done by accelerating constantly at 1.5 g’s the entire time—which is what Dr. Lamai decided was the maximum sustained g-force a human should be exposed to for almost four years. Earth experienced something like thirteen years during that time, but time dilation worked in our favor for the crew.
If I do the long trip home with just 1.33 million kilograms of fuel (which is all my remaining tanks can hold), the most efficient course is a constant acceleration of 0.9 g’s.