Everything is firmly secured. “Yeah, okay. Let’s do it.”
* * *
—
“John, Ringo, Paul off,” says Rocky. “Velocity is orbital.”
There is no “stationary” in a solar system. You’re always moving around something. In this case, Rocky reduced our cruise velocity to put us in a stable orbit about 1 AU from Tau Ceti. That’s where he left the Blip-A.
Rocky relaxes in his control-room bulb. He clamps the boxes to their wall mounts. Now that the engines are off we’re back to zero g, and the last thing we want is for the “make ship thrust” button to be floating around unattended.
He grabs a couple of handholds and centers his carapace over the texture monitor. As always, it shows him my center monitor feed with colors represented as textures.
“You in control now.” He’s done his job. Now it’s my turn.
“How long until the flash?” I ask
Rocky pulls an Eridian clock off the wall. “Next flash is three minutes, seven seconds.”
“Okay.”
Rocky’s no dope. He left his ship set up to turn on its engines for a fraction of a second every twenty minutes or so, giving us a much-needed beacon. It’s easy enough to math out where the ship should be. But gravity from other planets, inaccurate measurement of last known velocities, inaccuracies in our estimate of Tau Ceti’s gravity…they all add up to make slight errors. And a slight error on the location of something orbiting a star is a pretty big distance.
So rather than hoping we can see Taulight reflect off the ship when we get to where it should be, he just set it up to flash the engines now and then. All I have to do is watch with the Petrovascope. It’ll be an extremely bright flash.
			 “What is current nitrogen tolerance, question?”
“Tank Three had some survivors at 0.6 percent nitrogen today. I’m breeding them up now.”
“What spacing, question?”
It’s a conversation we’ve had dozens of times. But it’s fair for him to be curious. His species depends on it.
The “spacing,” as we’ve come to call it, is the difference in how much nitrogen each of the ten tanks receives. I don’t just do the same thing in every tank. With each new generation, I try ten new percentages of nitrogen.
“I’m being aggressive—0.05 percent increments.”
“Good good,” he says.
All ten tanks are breeding Taumoeba-06 (named for the nitrogen percent it can withstand). Tank One is the control, as always. It has 0.6 percent nitrogen in the air. Taumoeba-06 should have no problem in there. If it does, it means there was a mistake in the previous batch and I have to go back to an earlier strain.
Tank Two has 0.65 percent nitrogen. Tank Three has 0.7. And so on all the way up to Tank Ten with 1.05 percent. The heartiest survivors will be the champions, and will move on to the next round. I wait a few hours just to make sure they can breed for at least two generations. Taumoeba has a ridiculously fast doubling time. Fast enough to eat all my fuel in a matter of days, as it happens.
If we get to Venus or Threeworld nitrogen percentages, I’ll do much more thorough testing.
“Flash is soon,” Rocky says.
“Copy.”
I bring up the Petrovascope on the center monitor. Normally, I’d have it off to the side, but the center is the only one Rocky can “see.” As expected, there’s just background light in the Petrova frequency courtesy of Tau Ceti. I pan and tilt the camera. We deliberately positioned ourselves closer to Tau Ceti than the Blip-A should be. So I’m looking more or less directly away from the star. That should minimize the background IR and give me a good view of the flash.
			 “Okay. I think I have it pointed roughly toward your ship.”
Rocky concentrates on his texture monitor. “Understand. Thirty-seven seconds until flash.”
“Hey. What’s is your ship’s name, anyway?”
“Blip-A.”
“No, I mean, what do you call it?”
“Ship.”
“Your ship has no name?”
“Why would ship have name, question?”
I shrugged. “Ships have names.”
He points to my pilot’s seat. “What is name of you chair, question?”
“It doesn’t have a name.”
“Why does ship have name but chair no have name, question?”
“Never mind. Your ship is the Blip-A.”
“That is what I said. Flash in ten seconds.”
“Copy.”
Rocky and I each fall silent and stare at our respective screens. It took me a long time to notice the subtleties, but I can now tell when Rocky is paying attention to something specific. He tends to angle his carapace toward it and pivot ever so slightly back and forth. If I follow the line he’s pivoting on, that’s usually what he’s examining.
“Three…two…one…now!”
Right on cue, a few pixels on-screen blink white.
“Got it,” I say.
“I not notice.”
“It was dim. We must be far away. Hang on…” I switch to the Telescope screen and pan to where the flash came from. I sweep back and forth with small movements until I catch a slight discoloration in the blackness. Taulight reflecting off the Blip-A. “Yeah, we’re pretty far away.”
“Beetles have much fuel remaining. Is okay. Tell me angle change.”
			 I check the readouts at the bottom of the screen. All we have to do is align the Hail Mary with the current telescope angle. “Rotate yaw plus 13.72 degrees. Rotate pitch minus 9.14 degrees.”
“Yaw plus one three mark seven two. Pitch minus nine mark one four.” He grabs the beetle controls from their holders and gets to work. By flicking on and off the beetles in sequence, he angles the ship toward the Blip-A.
I zero the telescope and zoom in to confirm. The difference between background space and the ship is so small as to be barely perceivable. But it’s there. “Angle correct.”
He focuses hard on his texture screen. “I no detect anything on-screen.”
“Light difference is very very small. Need human eyes to detect. Angle is good.”
“Understand. What is range, question?”
I switch to the Radar screen. Nothing. “Too far for my radar to see. At least ten thousand kilometers.”
“Accelerate to what velocity, question?”
“How about…three kilometers per second? Will get to the Blip-A in an hour or so.”
“Three thousand meters per second. Standard acceleration rate is acceptable, question?”
“Yes. Fifteen meters per second per second.”
“Two hundred second thrust. Begin now.”
I brace for gravity.
OceanofPDF.com
We did it!
We actually did it!
I have Earth’s salvation in a little tank on the floor.
“Happy!” Rocky says. “Happy happy happy!”
I’m so giddy I might throw up. “Yes! But we’re not done yet.”
I strap myself into my bunk. A pillow tries to float away, but I snag it in time and wedge it under my head. I’m all wired up, but if I don’t go to sleep soon, Rocky will start hassling me. Sheesh—you almost ruin a mission one time and all of a sudden you have an alien-enforced bedtime.
“Taumoeba-35!” Rocky says. “Took many many generations but finally success!”
It’s a weird feeling, scientific breakthroughs. There’s no Eureka moment. Just a slow, steady progression toward a goal. But man, when you get to that goal it feels good.
We linked the ships back up together weeks ago. Rocky was pretty stoked to have access to his much larger ship again.