Before I hit the hay, I harvest a mini-camera from the lab’s vacuum chamber. It’s just a small wireless camera that talks to a portable LCD clipped to the chamber. I tape the camera up in the tunnel, pointed at the divider wall. I bring the readout screen with me to my bunk.
			 There. Now I have a baby-monitor setup in the tunnel. There’s no audio—the camera is for watching experiments, not chatting with people. But it’s better than nothing.
I tuck the bunk’s sheets and blankets in tight all around the oval mattress pad. I shimmy in between the tight bedding. This way I won’t just float around while I sleep.
My grand plans for communicating with Rocky will have to wait. I’m a little frustrated, but not for long. I conk out almost immediately.
OceanofPDF.com
Tap-tap-tap.
The sound barely penetrates my consciousness. It’s far away.
Tap-tap-tap.
I wake from a dreamless sleep. “Huh?”
Tap-tap-tap.
“Breakfast,” I mumble.
The mechanical arms reach into a compartment and pull out a packaged meal. It’s like Christmas every morning around here. I pull the top off and steam wafts out in all directions. There’s a breakfast burrito inside.
“Nice,” I say. “Coffee?”
“Preparing…”
I take a bite of the breakfast burrito. It’s good. All the food is good. I guess they figured if we’re going to die, we may as well eat good stuff.
“Coffee,” says the computer. A mechanical arm hands me a pouch with a pinch-straw in it. Like a Capri Sun for adults. Zero-g accommodations.
I let the burrito float nearby and take a sip of coffee. It’s delicious, of course. It even has just the right amount of cream and sugar. That’s a very personal preference that varies wildly from person to person.
			 Tap-tap-tap.
What is that, anyway?
I check the LCD screen taped near my bunk. Rocky is in the tunnel tapping on the divider wall.
“Computer! How long was I asleep?”
“Patient was unconscious for ten hours and seventeen minutes.”
“Oh crud!”
I wriggle out of my bedding and bounce up through the ship toward the control room. I carry the burrito and coffee with me because I’m starving.
I bounce into the tunnel. “Sorry! Sorry!”
Rocky taps the divider louder than before now that I’m here. He points to the Popsicle-stick numbers I taped to the divider and then to his clock. He balls one of his hands into a fist.
“I’m sorry!” I clasp my hands together as if praying. I don’t know what else to do. There’s no interplanetary symbol for supplication. I don’t know if he understands, but he unclenches his fist.
Maybe it was a mild admonishment. I mean, he could have made five fists, but he only made one.
Anyway, I kept him waiting over two hours. He’s understandably upset. Hopefully this next trick will make up for it.
I hold up a finger. He returns the gesture.
I grab my duct-taped laptops and launch the waveform-analysis software on one and Excel on the other. I press them against the tunnel wall and secure them there with tape.
I pull the Popsicle-stick numbers off the divider wall. They’re as good a place to start as any. I hold up the “I” and point to it. “One,” I say. “One.”
I point to my mouth, then back to the Eridian number. “One.” Then I point to Rocky.
He points to the “I” and says “♪.”
I pause the waveform analyzer and scroll back a few seconds. “There we go…” Rocky’s word for “one” is just two notes played at the same time. There are a bunch of harmonics and resonances in there, too, but the main frequency peaks are just two notes.
			 I type “one” into the spreadsheet on the other computer and note the relevant frequencies.
“Okay…” I return to the divider and hold up the “V” symbol. “Two,” I say.
“♪,” he says. Another one-syllable word. The oldest words in a language are usually the shortest.
This time, it’s a chord made of four distinct notes. I enter “two” and record the frequencies for that word.
He starts to get excited. I think he knows what I’m up to and it’s got him happy.
I hold up the “λ” and before I can even speak, he points to it and says, “♫♪.”
Excellent. Our first two-syllable word. I have to scroll back and forth a bit in the waveform data to get the chords right. The first syllable has just two notes and the second has five! Rocky can make at least five different notes at the same time. He must have multiple sets of vocal cords or something. Well, he has five arms and five hands. So why not five sets of vocal cords?
I don’t see a mouth anywhere. The notes are just coming from somewhere inside him. When I first heard him speak, I thought it sounded like whale song. That may have been more accurate than I thought. Whales sound like they do because they move air back and forth across their vocal cords without expelling it. Rocky may be doing the same thing.
Tap-tap-tap-tap!
“What?” I look back at him.
He points to the “λ” symbol still in my hand and then to me. Then back to the “λ” and back to me. He’s almost frantic about it.
“Oh, sorry,” I say. I hold the digit up properly and say, “Three.”
He does jazz hands. I throw some jazz hands back.
Huh. While we’re on the subject…
			 I stand still for a moment so he’ll know there was a break in the conversation. Then I do jazz hands and say, “Yes.”
I repeat the gesture. “Yes.”
He does it back to me and says, “♫♩.”
I note and record the frequencies in my laptop.
“Okay, we have ‘yes’ in our vocabulary now,” I say.
Tap-tap-tap.
I look over. Once he knows he has my attention, he does jazz hands again and says, “♫♩.” Same chord as before.
“Yes,” I say. “We covered this.”
He holds up a finger for a moment. Then he balls two of his fists and taps them together. “♪♪.”
…What?
“Ohhh,” I say. I’m a teacher. What would I teach someone who just learned the word ‘yes’?
“That’s ‘no.’ ”
At least I hope so.
I ball my fists and tap them together. “No.”
“♫♩,” he says. I check the laptop. He just said yes.
Wait. Does that mean it’s not no? Is that another yes? Now I’m confused.
“No?” I ask
“No,” he says in Eridian.
“So, ‘yes’?”
“No, yes.”
“Yes?”
“No. No.”
“Yes, yes?”
“No!” He balls a fist at me, clearly frustrated.
Enough of this interspecies Abbott and Costello routine. I hold up a finger.
He unballs his fist and returns the gesture.
I enter the frequencies for what I think is “no” into my spreadsheet. If I’m wrong, I’m wrong and we’ll work it out later.
			 I hold up the “+” symbol. “Four.”
He holds up three fingers on one hand, and one finger on another. “♩♩.”
I make note of the frequencies.
* * *
—
For the next several hours, we expand our shared vocabulary to several thousand words. Language is kind of an exponential system. The more words you know, the easier it is to describe new ones.
Communication is hampered by my slow and clumsy system for listening to Rocky. I check the frequencies he emits with one laptop, then look them up in my spreadsheet on the other laptop. It’s not a great system. I’ve had enough.
I excuse myself for an hour to write some software. I’m not a computer expert, but I know some rudimentary programming.