And that tube connecting them? It connects to the Hail Mary’s airlock and leads to the center of the Blip-A’s diamond-shaped segment. The tunnel is just wide enough to cover my airlock door.
They want to meet.
OceanofPDF.com
I let the model float in the middle of the room. The xenonite is nearly indestructible, so I don’t need to worry about it bumping into anything.
Is this a good idea? I have a planet to save. As awesome as it is to meet up with intelligent aliens, is this risk worth it?
The Eridians clearly understand Astrophage. At least well enough to make engines out of it. And—I think—they’re trying to tell me they’re here for the same reason I am. They might have information I don’t know. They might even have the solution I’m looking for. And they seem friendly enough.
But this is the interstellar equivalent of a stranger offering me candy. I want the candy (information), but I don’t know the stranger.
What’s my alternative? Ignore them?
I could carry on with my mission as if I never saw them at all. They’re probably as spooked to see me as I am to see them. They might continue trying to talk, but they wouldn’t get hostile, I don’t think.
Or would they? I have no way of knowing.
No, this is a no-brainer. I’ve got to at least have a conversation with them. If they have any information about Astrophage at all, no matter how minor, I have to talk to them. It’s a risk, yes, but this whole mission is a risk.
			 Okay. So what would I do if I were them?
I’m an Eridian. I want to build a tunnel that connects to the weird human ship. But I don’t know what the human ship’s material is made of. How can I guarantee any kind of attachment or seal? My xenonite knowledge is beyond dispute, but how do I connect it to “humanium” or whatever that ship is made of? I’ve sent the human xenonite models. So he knows what I have. But I still don’t know what he has.
They’ll need a sample of my hull. And they’ll need to know it’s a sample of my hull.
“Right,” I say to no one.
I don’t know if this is a good idea or a terrible idea. But I’m going to knock a chunk of my hull off.
I grab a set of EVA tools. They live in the lab in Drawer 17E. I found them a while ago. They’re on a tool belt that can clip onto the EVA suit and everything. Stratt and the gang made sure we had all the equipment we would need for hull repairs if needed. Normally it would be Ilyukhina’s job to fix stuff, but she’s gone.
Huh. Random memory. Ilyukhina was our engineer—our fix-it gal. Okay. Well, now it’s me.
I get back in the EVA suit, and back outside. Again. Bouncing in and out is getting kind of annoying. I hope this tunnel thing works.
I make my way along the hull, one tether adjustment at a time. And I get to thinking…
What good is a tunnel, exactly? I doubt we have compatible environments. We can’t just connect the ships with a tunnel and shake hands. I think there’s a lot of ammonia over there.
And then there’s the temperature. Those cylinders are hot when I get them.
Some back-of-the-napkin math tells me that first cylinder they sent should have lost 100 degrees Celsius or more during that forty-minute trip (depending on what temperature it started at). And it was still hot when I got it. So it was really hot when it left their ship. Like…way higher than the boiling point of water.
			 I try not to speculate too wildly, but come on. I’m a scientist and these are aliens. I’m going to speculate.
Do Eridians live in an environment hotter than the boiling point of water? If so, it proves I was right! The goldilocks zone is bull-puckey! You don’t need liquid water for life!
I should be more focused on the “first contact with intelligent aliens” thing or the “save all of humanity” thing, but gosh darn it, I can spend a moment to be happy about being right when everyone said I was wrong!
I finally reach a spot of hull that seems right for the job. I’m aft of the entire pressurized portion of the ship, well past the part where it widens out. If I’m right, I’m standing on a big empty tank that used to be full of Astrophage. If I breach the hull here, it shouldn’t matter.
I pull out a hammer and chisel. Not the most elegant way to do this, but I can’t think of anything better. I start by putting one corner of the chisel on the hull and giving it a little tap. There’s a notable dent. It doesn’t take much to get through this outermost layer.
I use the hammer and chisel to separate a 6-inch circle of hull material. There’s a layer of something underneath. I can feel it with the chisel. Probably insulation.
I have to pry the circle out with the chisel. The underlayer holds strong, but then gives way suddenly. The hull sample flies off into space.
“Shoot!”
I leap off the ship. I get a hand on the circle right before my tether snaps tight. I breathe for a second, thinking about how dumb I am, then pull myself back along the tether to the ship. Looking at the circle it seems like there’s a light, foam substance attached to the underside. Styrofoam, maybe. Probably something more complicated than that.
“I hope you guys watched all that,” I say. “Because I’m not doing it again.”
			 I throw the hull chunk at the Blip-A.
By doing this right in front of them, they’ll know for sure I’m sending them a sample of the hull. I hope it’s enough for what they want to do. I don’t even know if they wanted it or needed it. They might be looking at their screens right now and saying, “What is this idiot doing? Is he poking a hole in his own ship? Why?”
I stay on the hull and watch as the chunk tumbles in the Taulight. The multi-armed robot on the Blip-A’s hull slides along its rails for the reception. Once positioned, it waits for the hull chunk to arrive and makes a perfect catch.
And then, I swear to God, it waves at me! One of its little arms waves at me!
I wave back.
It waves again.
Okay, this could go on all day. I head back toward the airlock.
Your move, guys.
* * *
—
Their move is taking a long time and I’m getting bored.
Wow. I’m sitting here in a spaceship in the Tau Ceti system waiting for the intelligent aliens I just met to continue our conversation…and I’m bored. Human beings have a remarkable ability to accept the abnormal and make it normal.
I look through the controls of the Radar panel to see what other features it has. After some digging through preference dialogs, I find what I’m looking for: the proximity-warning parameters. Currently set to 100 kilometers. Fairly reasonable. You would expect things to be millions of kilometers away. Tens of thousands at the very least. So if some rock is within 100 kilometers of you, that’s a major problem.
I change the setting to 0.26 kilometers. I worry it’ll reject the setting as too low, but it doesn’t.
I stretch my back and float out of the pilot seat. The Blip-A is 271 meters away. If they get closer than 260 meters, or if they send another present that gets within that range, the proximity alert will go off. I don’t have to sit here and stare at the screen anymore.