The glass will insulate it from outside air—any heat loss has to pass through the glass, and that’s slow. It’ll reach an equilibrium temperature well over one hundred degrees Celsius.”
I nod. “And at that temperature you can enrich Astrophage.”
“Yes.”
“But it would be ridiculously slow,” I said. “If you had a one-square-meter box and ideal weather conditions…say, one thousand watts per square meter of solar energy…”
“It’s about half a microgram per day,” he said. “Give or take.”
“That’s a far cry from ‘a thousand kilograms’ per day.”
He smiled. “It’s just a matter of how many square meters you make of it.”
“You’d need two trillion square meters to get a thousand kilograms per day.”
“The Sahara Desert is nine trillion square meters.”
My jaw dropped open.
“That went by fast,” said Stratt. “Explain.”
“Well,” I said. “He wants to pave a chunk of the Sahara Desert with blackpanels. Like…a quarter of the entire Sahara Desert!”
“It’d be the biggest thing ever made by humanity,” he said. “It’d be starkly visible from space.”
I glared at him. “And it would destroy the ecology of Africa and probably Europe.”
“Not as much as the coming ice age will.”
Stratt held up her hand. “Dr. Grace. Would it work?”
I fidgeted. “Well, I mean…it’s a sound concept. But I don’t know if it’s even possible to implement. This isn’t like making a building or a road. We’re talking about literally trillions of these things.”
Redell leaned in. “That’s why I designed the blackpanels to be made entirely out of foil, glass, and ceramics. All materials we have plenty of here on Earth.”
“Wait,” I said. “How do the Astrophage breed in this scenario? Your blackpanels will enrich them, sure, and they’ll be breed-ready. But there are a bunch of steps they need to go through when they breed.”
			 “Oh, I know.” He smirked. “We’ll have a static magnet in there to give them a magnetic field to follow—they need that to kick off their migration response. Then we’ll have a small IR filter on one part of the glass. It’ll only let the CO2 IR spectral signature wavelengths through. The Astrophage will go there to breed. Then, after dividing, they’ll head toward the glass because that’s the direction of the sun. We’ll have a small pinhole somewhere in the side of the panel for air exchange with the outside. It’ll be slow enough that it doesn’t cool down the panel, but fast enough to replenish the CO2 used by Astrophage while breeding.”
I opened my mouth to protest, but I couldn’t find anything wrong with it. He’d thought it all through.
“Well?” said Stratt.
“As a breeder system it’s horrible,” I said. “Way less efficient and far lower yield than my system on the carrier’s reactor. But he didn’t design it for efficiency. He designed it for scalability.”
“That’s right,” he said. He pointed to Stratt. “I hear you have godlike authority over pretty much the whole world right now.”
“That’s an exaggeration,” she said.
“Not much of one, though,” I said.
Redell continued. “Can you get China to orient their industrial base around making blackpanels? Not just them but pretty much every industrial nation on Earth? That’s what it would take.”
She pursed her lips. After a moment, she said, “Yes.”
“And can you tell the goddamned corrupt government officials in North Africa to stay out of the way?”
“That part will be easy,” she said. “When this is all over, those governments will keep the blackpanels. They’ll be the industrial-energy powerhouse of the world.”
“See, there we go,” he said. “Save the world and permanently lift Africa out of poverty while we’re at it. Of course, this is all just a theory. I have to develop the blackpanel and make sure we can mass-produce it. I’d need to be in a lab instead of prison.”
			 Stratt mulled it over. Then she stood.
“Okay. You’re with us.”
He pumped his fist.
* * *
—
I wake up in my bed, which is mounted to the tunnel wall. That first night was a kludge with duct tape. Since then, I learned that epoxy glue works well on xenonite, so I was able to attach a couple of anchor points and mount the mattress properly.
I sleep in the tunnel every night now. Rocky insists. And, once every eighty-six hours or so, Rocky sleeps in the tunnel and wants me to watch. Well, he’s only slept three times so far, so my data on his waking period is a bit sparse. But he’s been kind of consistent on it.
I stretch out my arms and yawn.
“Good Morning,” Rocky says.
It’s pitch-dark. I turn on the lamp mounted next to the bed.
Rocky has an entire workshop set up on his side of the tunnel. He’s always making modifications or repairs to something or other. Seems like his ship is constantly in need of repair. Right this moment he holds an oblong metal device with two of his hands and uses another two to poke at the innards with needle-like tools. The remaining hand grasps a handle on the wall.
“Mornin’,” I say. “I’m going to eat. I’ll be back.”
Rocky waves absently. “Eat.”
I float down to the dormitory for my morning ritual. I eat a prepackaged breakfast (scrambled eggs with pork sausage) and a bag of hot coffee.
It’s been a few days since I last cleaned up, and I can smell my own body odor. Not a good sign. So I sponge off at the sponge-bath station and get a clean jumpsuit. All this technology and I haven’t seen any means of cleaning clothing. So I’ve taken to soaking it in water and putting it in the lab freezer for a while. Kills off all the germs, and those are what cause the smell. Fresh, not-clean clothes.
			 I pull the jumpsuit on. I’ve decided today is the day. After a week of honing our language skills, Rocky and I are ready to start having real conversations. I can even understand him without having to look at the translation about a third of the time now.
I float back to the tunnel, sipping the last of my coffee.
Okay. Finally I think we have the words needed for this discussion. Here goes.
I clear my throat. “Rocky. I am here because Astrophage makes Sol sick but doesn’t make Tau Ceti sick. Are you here for the same reason?”
Rocky puts the device and his tools on his bandoleer and climbs along the support rails to the divider. Good. He understands this is a serious conversation.
“Yes. No understand why Tau not sick but Eridani is sick. If Astrophage no leave Eridani, my people die.”
“Same!” I say. “Same same same! If Astrophage continues to infect Sol, all the humans will die.”
“Good. Same. You and me will save Eridani and Sol.”
“Yes yes yes!”
“Why did other humans on you ship die, question?” Rocky asks.
Oh. So we’re going to talk about that?
I rub the back of my head. “We, uh…we slept all the way here. Not a normal sleep. A special sleep. A dangerous sleep, but necessary. My crewmates died, but I didn’t. Random luck.”
“Bad,” he says.
“Bad. Why did the other Eridians die?”
“I not know. Everyone get sick. Then everyone die.” His voice quavers. “I not sick. I not know why.”
“Bad,” I say with a sigh. “What kind of sick?”
He thinks for a moment. “I need word.