He could have let me die. He should have, really. He could handle the centripetal force, no problem. He could have taken his time, whipped up an invention, and used it to get back control of the ship. Yeah, I know, he’s a good guy and he saved my life, but this isn’t about us. He has a planet to save. Why risk his life and his whole mission for me?
The airlock door doesn’t reach the ceiling, so I’ll have to play “The Floor Is Lava” to get in.
I hop into the airlock from my bunk, then use the straps to pull Rocky in with me. I start to climb back out and that’s when I see the airlock-control panel.
Or, rather, I see the destroyed box that was once the airlock-control panel.
“Oh, come on!” I yell.
Both sides of the airlock had control panels, so either Rocky or I could operate it as needed. But now mine are ruined—probably smacked by some debris flying around during the chaos.
I have to get him back into his environment, but how? I have an idea. It’s not a good idea. There’s an emergency valve in the airlock chamber itself that can let air in from Rocky’s side.
It’s there to cover a very specific edge case. There’s no way I can ever enter Rocky’s area of the ship. I certainly can’t handle his environment, and my EVA suit would be crushed like a grape. But Rocky can come into my area with his homemade ball-spacesuit thing. So, just to be extra safe—just in case there was an emergency while Rocky was in his ball in the airlock—there’s a relief valve that will let the air from his side vent in. It’s a large iron lever, so it can be manipulated with the magnets Rocky carries with him while in the ball.
			 I look at the lever in the airlock. I glance at the airlock’s door to my compartment and its spinning-wheel lock. I look back to the lever, then back to the door.
I coil my muscles and mentally count to three.
I pull the lever and leap toward my compartment.
Blazing-hot ammonia floods the airlock and dormitory. I slam the airlock door behind me and spin the wheel lock. I hear hissing on the other side but I don’t see anything. I might never see anything again.
My eyes burn like they’re on fire. My lungs feel like a hundred knives are having a dance-off. My skin is numb all along my left side. And my nose—forget it. The smell is so overpowering my sense of smell just gives up.
My throat completely closes off. My body wants nothing to do with the ammonia.
“Com…” I wheeze. “Com…pu…ter…”
I want to die. Pain is everywhere. I climb into my bunk.
“Help!” I wheeze.
“Multiple injuries,” says the computer. “Excessive eye mucus. Blood around the mouth, second-degree burns. Breathing distress. Triage result: intubate.”
The mechanical arms, which thankfully don’t seem to have any problem with being upside down, grab me and something is shoved violently down my throat. I feel a poke on my good arm.
“IV fluids and sedation,” the computer reports.
And then I’m out like a light.
* * *
—
I wake up covered in medical equipment and pain.
There’s an oxygen mask on my face. My right arm has an IV and my left arm is bandaged from wrist to shoulder. It hurts like heck.
Everything else hurts too. Especially my eyes.
			 But at least I can see. That’s good.
“Computer,” I say with a raspy voice. “How long have I been asleep?”
“Unconsciousness lasted six hours, seventeen minutes.”
I take a deep breath. My lungs feel like they’re coated in tar. Probably phlegm or some other gunk. I look over to Rocky’s area. He’s right where I left him in the airlock.
How can I tell if an Eridian is dead? When Rocky sleeps all movement stops. But that’s also presumably what happens when an Eridian dies.
I spot a pulse-ox monitor on my right index finger.
“Compu—” I cough. “Computer: What is my blood oxygen content?”
“Ninety-one percent.”
“It’ll have to do.” I take the mask off and sit up in bed. My bandaged arm stings with every movement. I pull the various things off of my body.
I open and close my left hand. It’s working. The muscles are only a little bit sore.
I got hit with a quick blast of very hot, very high-pressure ammonia. Most likely, I have chemical burns in my lungs and on my eyes. And probably a physical burn on my arm. My left side took the brunt of the blast.
Twenty-nine atmospheres of pressure at 210 degrees Celsius (over 400 degrees Fahrenheit!). That must be what a grenade feels like. Side note: With no one manning the helm, it’s pure luck we didn’t crash into the planet.
The ship is either in a stable orbit or we escaped Adrian’s gravity entirely. I shake my head. It’s truly ridiculous how much power I have sitting in the fuel bay. To not even know if I’m still near a planet…wow.
I’m lucky to be alive. There’s no other way to put it. Anything I do beyond that moment is a gift from the universe to me. I step off the bed and stand in front of the airlock. Gravity is still at one-half g and everything is still upside down.
			 What can I do for Rocky?
I sit on the floor opposite his body. I put my hand on the airlock wall. That feels too melodramatic, so I pull it back. Okay, I know the very basics of Eridian biology. That doesn’t make me a doctor.
I grab a tablet and swipe through various documents I’ve made. I don’t remember everything he told me, but at least I took copious notes.
When severely wounded, an Eridian body will shut down so it can try to work on everything at once. I hope Rocky’s little cells are doing their thing in there. And I hope they know how to fix damage done by: (1) dropping air pressure to one twenty-ninth what he evolved to live in, (2) being suddenly exposed to a bunch of oxygen, and (3) being almost 200 degrees colder than his body expects.
I shake off the worry and return to my notes.
“Ah, here!” I say.
There’s the information I need: Those capillaries in his carapace radiator are made of deoxidized metal alloys. The ambient circulatory system pumps his mercury-based blood through those vessels and air passes over them. In Erid’s oxygen-free atmosphere, this makes perfect sense. In ours, it makes a perfect tinderbox.
A bunch of oxygen just passed over very hot metal pipes no thicker than a human hair. They burned. That’s the smoke I saw coming out of Rocky’s vents. His radiator was literally on fire.
Jesus.
The whole organ must be completely full of soot and other combustion products. And the capillaries will be coated in oxides, which ruin heat conductivity. Heck, oxides are insulators. The worst-possible outcome.
Okay. If he’s dead, he’s dead. I can’t do any further harm. But if he’s alive, I have to help. There’s no reason not to try.
But what do I do?
* * *
—
			 So many pressures. So many temperatures. So many air mixtures. I have to keep track of them all. My own environment, Rocky’s environment, and now the Adrian Astrophage breeding-ground environment too.
But first: gravity. I’m sick of living in The Poseidon Adventure. Time to right this ship.
I make my way back “down” to the control room. The center panel is ruined, but the others work fine.