Just like the first, this helicopter carried three astronauts. In this case, a Russian man, a Russian woman, and an American woman.
These six would be the prime and backup crews for the Hail Mary. Either of the helicopters could easily have carried all six astronauts, but Stratt had a very strict rule: Under no circumstances could any crewmember and their backup share a plane, helicopter, or car. Each position was specialized and would require years of specific training. We wouldn’t want one car crash to ruin humanity’s chances of survival.
			 The candidate pool wasn’t deep. There just weren’t many coma-resistant people out there who had “the right stuff” and were willing to go on a suicide mission.
Still, even with the reduced pool, the winnowing and selection process had been long, brutal, and filled with endless politicking by every government involved. Stratt stayed firm and insisted on only the best candidates, but some concessions had to be made.
“Women,” I said.
“Yes,” Stratt grumbled.
“Despite your guidelines.”
“Yes.”
“Good.”
“No, it isn’t.” She frowned. “I got overruled by the Americans and Russians on it.”
I folded my arms. “I never would have thought a woman would be so sexist against women.”
“It’s not sexism. It’s realism.” She righted a strand of hair that had blown into her face. “My guidelines were that all candidates must be heterosexual men.”
“Why not all heterosexual women?”
“The vast majority of scientists and trained astronaut candidates are men. It’s the world we live in. Don’t like it? Encourage your female students to get into STEM. I’m not here to enact social equality. I’m here to do whatever’s necessary to save humanity.”
“Still seems sexist.”
“Call it what you like. There’s no room on this mission for sexual tension. What happens if there’s some kind of romantic entanglement? Or dispute? People kill for less.”
I looked across the deck to the candidates. Captain Yang welcomed them aboard. He took special interest in his countryman—the two were all smiles and handshakes.
“You didn’t want a Chinese guy either. You thought their space program was still too young. But I hear you picked him to be the prime crew commander.”
			 “He’s the most qualified. So he’s the commander.”
“Maybe the Russians and Americans over there are qualified too. Maybe the people literally saving the world will keep it professional. Maybe cutting off literally half of the talent pool because you’re afraid astronauts can’t keep it in their pants isn’t a good idea.”
“We’ll have to hope so. The Russian woman—Ilyukhina—is on the prime crew as well. She’s a materials expert and by far the best candidate for the task. The science expert is Martin DuBois—the American man. Two men and one woman. Recipe for disaster.”
I put my hand to my chest in mock surprise. “Goodness me! DuBois appears to be black! I’m surprised you allowed it! Aren’t you afraid he’ll ruin the mission with talk of rap music and basketball?”
“Oh, shut up,” she said.
We watched the astronauts get surrounded by deck crew. They were absolutely starstruck—especially with Yáo.
“DuBois has three doctorates—physics, chemistry, and biology.” Stratt pointed to the American woman. “Over there is Annie Shapiro. She invented a new kind of DNA splicing that’s now called the Shapiro method.”
“Seriously?” I said. “The Annie Shapiro? She invented three entire enzymes from scratch to splice DNA using—”
“Yes, yes. Very smart lady.”
“She did it for her PhD thesis. Her thesis. Do you know how many people are on track for a Nobel Prize from research they did in grad school? Not many, I can tell you that much. And she’s your second choice for the science expert?”
“She’s the most talented DNA splicing specialist alive. But DuBois has strength in a huge variety of fields, and that’s more important. We don’t know what they’re going to encounter out there. We need someone with a broad knowledge base.”
“Amazing people,” I said. “Best of the best.”
“I’m glad you’re impressed. Because you’ll be training DuBois and Shapiro.”
“Me?” I asked. “I don’t know how to train astronauts!”
			 “NASA and Roscosmos will teach them the astronaut stuff,” she said. “You’re going to teach them science stuff.”
“Are you kidding? They’re way smarter than me. What would I teach them?”
“Don’t sell yourself short,” said Stratt. “You’re the world’s leading expert on Astrophage biology. You’re going to impart every single thing you know about it to both of them. Here comes the prime crew.”
Yáo, Ilyukhina, and DuBois walked over to Stratt.
Yáo bowed. He spoke with a very slight accent, but otherwise perfect English. “Ms. Stratt. It is an honor to finally meet you. Please accept my deepest gratitude for selecting me as the commander for this critical mission.”
“Nice to meet you too,” she said. “You were the most qualified. No thanks required.”
“Hello!” Ilyukhina lunged forward and hugged Stratt. “I’m here to die for Earth! Pretty awesome, yes?!”
I leaned to Dimitri. “Are all Russians crazy?”
“Yes,” he said with a smile. “It is the only way to be Russian and happy at the same time.”
“That’s…dark.”
“That’s Russian!”
DuBois shook Stratt’s hand and spoke so softly as to be almost inaudible. “Ms. Stratt. Thank you for this opportunity. I won’t let you down.”
I and the other science leads all shook hands with the three astronauts. It was a disorganized affair, more like a cocktail mixer than a formal meeting.
In the middle of it all, DuBois turned to me. “I believe you’re Ryland Grace?”
“Yeah,” I said. “It’s an honor to meet you. What you’re doing is just…I can’t even comprehend the sacrifice you’re making. Or should I not talk about it? I don’t know. Maybe we don’t talk about it?”
			 He smiled. “It’s on my mind quite often. We don’t have to avoid the subject. Besides, you and I are birds of a feather, it would seem.”
I shrugged. “I guess so. I mean, you’re way more advanced than I am, but I do love cellular biology.”
“Well, yes, that too,” he said. “But I was talking about coma resistance. I hear you have the coma-resistance markers, just like me and the rest of the crew.”
“I do?”
He raised his eyebrow. “They didn’t tell you?”
“No!” I shot a look over to Stratt. She was busy talking to Embezzler Bob and Commander Yáo. “First I’m hearing of it.”
“That’s odd,” he said.
“Why wouldn’t she tell me?”
“You’re asking the wrong person, Dr. Grace. But my guess is they only told Stratt and she only told people who needed to know.”
“It’s my DNA,” I grumbled. “Someone should have told me.”
DuBois deftly changed the subject. “In any event: I am looking forward to learning all about the Astrophage life-cycle. Dr. Shapiro—my counterpart on the backup crew—is also very excited. We shall be a classroom of two, I suppose. Do you have any experience teaching?”
“Actually, yes,” I said. “A lot.”
“Excellent.”
* * *
—
I’m all smiles. It’s been three days since I found out I won’t die and I’m still all smiles.
Well, actually, I could still easily die.