Glass shards nicked my face as a shockwave knocked me clean out of my chair.
After that: silence.
And then: sirens in the distance.
I got to my knees, and then to my feet. I opened and closed my mouth a few times to pop my ears.
I stumbled to the door and opened it. The first thing I noticed was that the small triplet of steps that once led to my door were several feet away. Then I saw the freshly disturbed earth between the steps and my door and I understood what happened.
			 The steps are anchored into the ground with four-by-fours sunk deep like fence posts. My portable has no such support.
My whole house moved and the stairs stayed put.
“Grace?! Are you okay?!” It was Stratt’s voice. Her portable was next to mine.
“Yeah!” I say. “What the heck was that?!”
“I don’t know,” she said. “Hang on.”
Shortly after, I saw the bobbing of a flashlight. She came to me, wearing a bathrobe and boots. She was already on her walkie-talkie. “Eto Stratt. Chto sluchylos’?” she demanded.
“Vzryv v issledovatel’skom tsentre,” came the reply.
“The research center blew up,” she said.
Baikonur was a launch facility, but they did have some research buildings. They weren’t laboratories. They were more like classrooms. Astronauts generally spent a week before launch at Baikonur, and they usually wanted to study and prepare right up to launch day.
“Oh God,” I said. “Who was there? Who was there?!”
She pulled a wad of papers from her robe pocket. “Hang on, hang on…” She rifled through the papers, throwing each to the ground as she moved on to the next. I knew what they were at a glance—I’d been seeing them every day for a year. Schedule charts. Showing where everyone was and what they were doing at all times.
She stopped when she reached the page she was looking for. She actually gasped. “DuBois and Shapiro. They’re scheduled to be there doing some Astrophage experiments.”
I put my hands on my head. “No! No, please no! The research center is five kilometers away. If the blast did this much damage to us here—”
“I know, I know!” She flicked on her walkie-talkie again. “Prime crew—I need your locations. Call them in.”
“Yáo here,” came the first reply. “In my bunk.”
“Ilyukhina here. At officers’ bar. What was that explosion?”
			 Stratt and I waited for the response we hoped would come.
“DuBois,” she said. “DuBois! Check in!”
Silence.
“Shapiro. Dr. Annie Shapiro. Check in!”
More silence.
She took a deep breath and let it out. She clicked the walkie-talkie on one more time. “Stratt to transport—I need a jeep to take me to Ground Control.”
“Copy,” came the reply.
The next few hours were, frankly, chaos. The entire base was put on lockdown for a while and everyone’s ID was checked. For all we knew, some doomsday cult wanted to sabotage the mission. But nothing turned up amiss.
Stratt, Dimitri, and I sat in the bunker. Why were we in a bunker? The Russians were taking no chances. It didn’t look like a terrorist attack, but they were securing the critical personnel just in case. Yáo and Ilyukhina were off in some other bunker. The other science leads were in other bunkers as well. Spread everyone out so there’s no single place to attack that would be effective. There was a grim logic to it. Baikonur was built during the Cold War, after all.
“The research buildings are a crater,” said Stratt. “And there’s still no sign of DuBois or Shapiro. Or the fourteen other staff that worked there.”
She pulled up pictures on her phone and showed them to us.
The photos told a story of utter destruction. The area was lit up with powerful floodlights the Russians had set up and the place was swarming with rescue personnel. Though there was nothing for them to do.
Virtually nothing was left. No debris, limited wreckage. Stratt swiped through photo after photo. Some were close-ups of the ground. Round, shiny beads dotted the area. “What’s up with the beads?” she said.
“Metal condensate,” Dimitri said. “It means metals were vaporized, then condensed like raindrops.”
			 “Jesus,” she said.
I sighed. “There’s only one thing in those labs that could create enough heat to vaporize metal: Astrophage.”
“I agree,” said Dimitri. “But Astrophage does not just ‘explode.’ How could this happen?”
Stratt looked at her wrinkled schedule pages. “According to this, DuBois wanted more experience with Astrophage-powered electrical generators. Shapiro was there to observe and assist.”
“That makes no sense,” I said. “Those generators use a tiny, tiny bit of Astrophage to make electricity. Nowhere near enough to blow up a building.”
She put her phone down. “We’ve lost our primary and secondary science specialists.”
“This is nightmare,” said Dimitri.
“Dr. Grace. I want a short list of possible replacements.”
I stared with my mouth agape. “Are you made of stone or something?! Our friends just died!”
“Yes, and everyone else will die, too, if we don’t make this mission happen. We have nine days to find a replacement science specialist.”
I well up. “DuBois…Shapiro…” I snuffled and wiped my eyes. “They’re dead. They’re dead…oh God…”
Stratt slapped me. “Snap out of it!”
“Hey!”
“Cry later! Mission first! You still have that list of coma-resistant candidates from last year? Start looking through it. We need a new science specialist. And we need them now!”
* * *
—
“Gathering sample now…” I say.
Rocky watches me from his tunnel in the lab ceiling. His device works just as it should. The clear xenonite box has a couple of valves and pumps that let me control the inside environment. The vacuum chamber is inside with its lid open. The box even has climate control, keeping the inside temperature a chilly minus 51 degrees Celsius.
			 Rocky admonished me for leaving the sample at (human) room temperature for so long. He had a lot to say on that subject, actually. We had to add “reckless,” “idiot,” “foolish,” and “irresponsible” to our shared vocabulary just so he could fully express his opinion on the matter.
There was another word he threw around a lot, but he declined to tell me what it meant.
Three days off the painkillers and I’m a lot smarter than I was. At least he understands that much—I wasn’t just some stupid human. I was a human with enhanced stupidity.
Rocky refused to give me the box I’m using until I slept three times without using the drugs. My arm hurts so bad right now, but he’s got a point.
Rocky healed a fair bit in that time too. I have no idea what’s going on inside his body. He looks the same as ever, but he’s moving around much better than before. Not full-speed, though. Neither am I. We’re the walking wounded, honestly.
By agreement, we’ve kept the gravity at one-half g.
I open and close the claws in the box a few times. “Look at me. I’m an Eridian now.”
“Yes. Very Eridian. Hurry and get sample.”
“You’re no fun.” I grab the cotton swab and bring it to a waiting glass slide. I rub it across the slide, leaving a noticeable smear, then return it to the vacuum chamber. I seal up the chamber, put the slide in a little clear xenonite container, and seal the box.