“Okay. That should do it.” I turn the valves to let my air in, then open the box from above. The slide is safe in its xenonite container. The galaxy’s smallest little spaceship. At least, from the point of view of any Adrian life that may be present.
I walk to the microscope station.
Rocky follows along in the tunnel above. “You certain you can see light so small, question?”
“Yes. Old technology. Very old.” I put the container on the tray and adjust the lenses. The xenonite is plenty clear enough for the microscope to see through.
			 “Okay, Adrian, what do you have for me?” I put my face to the eyepieces.
The most obvious thing is the Astrophage. As usual, they’re jet-black, absorbing all light. That’s expected. I adjust the backlight and focus. And I see microbes everywhere.
One of my favorite experiments with the kids is to have them look at a drop of water. A drop of water, preferably one from a puddle outside, will be swarming with life. It always goes over well, except for the occasional kid who then refuses to drink water for a while.
“Lots of life in here,” I say. “Different kinds.”
“Good. Expected.”
Of course there would be. Any planet that has life will have it everywhere. That’s my theory, at least. Evolution is extremely good at filling every nook in the ecosystem.
Right now I’m looking at hundreds of unique life-forms, never before seen by humans. Each one an alien race. I can’t help but smile. Still, I have work to do.
I pan around until I find a nice clump of Astrophage. If there’s a predator to be had, it’ll be where the Astrophage is. Otherwise it’d be a pretty bad predator.
I flick on the microscope’s internal camera. The image appears on a little LCD screen. I adjust the screen and set it recording.
“This could take time,” I say. “Need to see interaction between—whoa!”
I shove my face back to the microscope to get a better look. It only took seconds before the Astrophage fell under attack. Am I incredibly lucky, or is this life-form just that aggressive?
Rocky skittered back and forth above me. “What, question? What happen, question?”
The monster lurches toward the clump of Astrophage. It’s an amorphous blob, like an amoeba. It presses itself against its much-smaller prey and begins to envelop the entire clump of them by oozing around both sides.
			 The Astrophage wriggle. They know something is wrong. They try to escape but it’s too late. They can only sputter a short distance before they stop. Normally, Astrophage can accelerate to near light speed in seconds, but these can’t. Maybe a chemical excretion by the monster that disables them somehow?
The encirclement completes, and the Astrophage are surrounded. A few seconds later, the Astrophage become cell-like in appearance. No longer featureless black, their organelles and membranes are starkly visible in the microscope’s light. They have lost their ability to absorb heat and light energy.
They’re dead.
“Got it!” I say. “I found the predator! It ate Astrophage right in front of me!”
“Found!” Rocky cheers. “Isolate.”
“Yes, I’ll isolate it!” I say.
“Happy happy happy!” he says. “Now you name.”
I grab a nano-pipette from the supply. “I don’t follow.”
“Earth culture. You find. You name. What is name of predator, question?”
“Oh,” I say. I’m not feeling creative at the moment. This is too exciting to take my attention away from. It’s an amoeba from Tau Ceti. “Taumoeba, I guess.”
Taumoeba. The savior of Earth and Erid.
Hopefully.
* * *
—
I should have a bolo tie. Maybe a cowboy hat. Because I’m a rancher now. And I’m running about 50 million head of Taumoeba on my ranch.
Once I isolated a few Taumoeba from the Adrian air sample, Rocky built a breeder tank and we let them get to work. It’s just a xenonite box full of Adrian air and a few hundred grams of Astrophage.
As far as we can tell, Taumoeba is very resilient to temperature variations. Good thing, too, because I let it sit at room temperature that one day.
			 Drugs are bad.
In retrospect, it makes sense that they’d be robust on temperature. They live in a negative-51-degree-Celsius environment, and eat Astrophage, which is always 96.415 degrees Celsius. Hey, everyone likes a hot meal, right?
And boy, do they breed! Well, I gave them a mother lode of Astrophage to work with. It’s the same as throwing yeast into a bottle of sugar water. But instead of making booze, we’re making more Taumoebas. Now that we have enough to experiment with, I get to work.
If you take a goat and put it on Mars, what happens? It dies immediately (and horribly). Goats didn’t evolve to live on Mars. Okay, so what happens if you put a Taumoeba on a planet other than Adrian?
That’s what I want to find out.
Rocky watches from his tunnel above the main worktable as I simulate a fresh new atmosphere in my vacuum chamber.
“No have oxygen, question?” he asked.
“No oxygen.”
“Oxygen dangerous.” He’s been a little edgy since his internal organs caught fire.
“I breathe oxygen. It’s okay.”
“Can explode.”
I pull my goggles off and look up at him. “There’s no oxygen in this experiment. Calm down.”
“Yes. Calm.”
I get back to work. I turn a valve to let a small bit of gas into the vacuum chamber. I check the pressure gauge to make sure that—
“Again confirm: No oxygen, question?”
I jerk my head up to glare at him. “It’s just carbon dioxide and nitrogen! Only carbon dioxide and nitrogen! Nothing more! Don’t ask me again!”
“Yes. No ask again. Sorry.”
Can’t blame him, I guess. Being on fire sucks.
			 We have two planets to deal with here. No, not Earth and Erid. Those are just the planets we live on. The planets we care about right now are Venus and Threeworld. That’s where Astrophage is breeding out of control.
Venus, of course, is the second planet in my solar system. It’s about Earth’s size with a thick carbon-dioxide atmosphere.
Threeworld is the third planet in Rocky’s home system. At least, Threeworld is what I call it. The Eridians don’t have a name for it, even in their own language. Just a designation: “Planet Three.” They didn’t have ancient people looking up at astronomical bodies and naming them after gods. They only discovered other planets in their system a few hundred years ago. But I don’t want to say “Planet Three” all the time, so I’ve named it Threeworld.
The hardest part about working with aliens and saving humanity from extinction is constantly having to come up with names for stuff.
Threeworld is a tiny little planet—only about the size of Earth’s moon. But unlike our airless neighbor, Threeworld somehow has an atmosphere. How? I have no idea. The surface gravity is only 0.2 g’s, which shouldn’t be enough. Yet somehow, Threeworld manages to hang on to a thin atmosphere. According to Rocky, it’s 84 percent carbon dioxide, 8 percent nitrogen, 4 percent sulfur dioxide, and a bunch of trace gases. All with a surface pressure less than 1 percent of Earth’s.
I check the readouts and nod approvingly. I do a visual inspection of the experiment inside.