The inside wasn’t impressive. I didn’t expect it to be. Just a small, clear, plastic ball that appeared to be empty. The mysterious dots were microscopic and there weren’t very many of them.
“No radiation detected,” Stratt said through the intercom.
I shot a glance over at her. She watched her tablet intensely.
I took a good long look at the ball. “Is this under vacuum?”
“No,” she said. “It’s full of argon gas at one atmosphere of pressure. The dots have been moving around the whole time the probe was returning from Venus. So it looks like the argon doesn’t affect them.”
I looked all around the lab. “There’s no glove box here. I can’t just expose unknown samples to normal air.”
“The entire room is full of argon,” she said. “Make sure you don’t kink your air line or rip your suit. If you breathe argon—”
“I’ll suffocate and won’t even know it’s happening. Yeah, okay.”
I took the ball to a tray and carefully twisted it until it came apart in two halves. I placed one half in a sealed plastic container and mopped the other half with a dry cotton swab. I scraped the swab against a slide and took it to a microscope.
			 I thought they’d be harder to find, but there they were. Dozens of little black dots. And they were indeed wriggling around.
“You recording all this?”
“From thirty-six different angles,” she said.
“Sample consists of many round objects,” I said. “Almost no variance in size—each appears to be approximately ten microns in diameter…”
I adjusted the focus and tried various intensities of backlighting. “Samples are opaque…I can’t see inside, even at the highest available light setting….”
“Are they alive?” Stratt asked.
I glared at her. “I can’t just tell that at a glance. What do you expect to happen here?”
“I want you to find out if they’re alive. And if so, find out how they work.”
“That’s a tall order.”
“Why? Biologists worked out how bacteria works. Just do the same thing they did.”
“That took thousands of scientists two centuries to work out!”
“Well…do it faster than that.”
“Tell you what”—I pointed back to the microscope—“I’m going to get back to work now. I’ll tell you anything I work out when I work it out. Until then, you can all enjoy some quiet study time.”
I spent the next six hours doing incremental tests. Over that time, the military people wandered out, eventually leaving only Stratt by herself. I had to admire her patience. She sat in the back of the observation room and worked on her tablet, sometimes looking up to see what I was doing.
She perked up as I cycled my way through the airlock and into the observation room. “Got something?” she asked.
I unzipped the suit and stepped out of it. “Yeah, a full bladder.”
She typed on her tablet. “I hadn’t accounted for that. I’ll get a bathroom installed inside the quarantine area tonight. It’ll have to be a chemical toilet. We can’t have plumbing going in and out.”
			 “Fine, whatever,” I said. I hustled off to the facilities to do my business.
When I returned, Stratt had pulled a small table and two chairs to the center of the observation room. She sat in one of the chairs and gestured to the other. “Have a seat.”
“I’m in the middle of—”
“Have a seat.”
I took a seat. She had a commanding presence, that’s for sure. Something about her tone of voice or her general confidence level, maybe? One way or another, when she spoke you just kind of assumed you should do what she said.
“What have you found so far?” she asked.
“It’s only been one afternoon,” I said.
“I didn’t ask how long it’s been. I asked what you’ve found out so far.”
I scratched my head. After hours in that suit, I was sweaty and presumably smelled bad. “It’s…weird. I don’t know what those dots are made of. And I’d really like to know.”
“Is there some equipment you need that you don’t have?” she asked.
“No, no. There’s everything a guy could hope for in there. It just…doesn’t work on these dots.” I settled back into the chair. I’d been on my feet most of the day and it was nice to relax for a moment. “First thing I tried was the x-ray spectrometer. It sends x-rays into a sample, making it emit photons and you can tell from the wavelengths of the photons what elements are present.”
“And what did that tell you?”
“Nothing. As far as I can tell, these dots just absorb x-rays. The x-rays go in and they never come out. Nothing comes out. That’s very odd. I can’t think of anything that does that.”
“Okay.” She took some notes on her tablet. “What else can you tell me?”
“Next I tried gas chromatography. That’s where you vaporize the sample and then identify the elements or compounds in the resulting gas. That didn’t work either.”
			 “Why not?”
I threw up my hands. “Because the darn things just won’t vaporize. That led me down a rabbit hole of burners, ovens, and crucible furnaces that turned up nothing. The dots are unaffected at temperatures up to two thousand degrees Celsius. Nothing.”
“And that’s odd?”
“It’s crazy odd,” I said. “But these things live on the sun. At least some of the time. So I guess having a high resistance to heat makes sense.”
“They live on the sun?” she said. “So they’re a life-form?”
“I’m pretty sure they are, yeah.”
“Elaborate.”
“Well, they move around. It’s plainly visible through the microscope. That alone doesn’t prove they’re alive—inert stuff moves all the time from static charge or magnetic fields or whatever. But there is something else I noticed. Something weird. And it made the pieces fall into place.”
“Okay.”
“I put a few dots under a vacuum and ran a spectrograph. Just a simple test to see if they emit light. And they do, of course. They give off infrared light at the 25.984 micron wavelength. That’s the Petrova frequency—the light that makes the Petrova line. I expected that. But then I noticed they only emit light when they’re moving. And boy, do they emit a lot of it. I mean, not a lot from our point of view, but for a tiny single-celled organism it’s a ton.”
“And how is that relevant?”
“I did some back-of-the napkin math. And I’m pretty sure that light is how they move around.”
Stratt raised an eyebrow. “I don’t follow.”
“Believe it or not, light has momentum,” I said. “It exerts a force. If you were out in space and you turned on a flashlight, you’d get a teeny, tiny amount of thrust from it.”
“I didn’t know that.”
“Now you do. And a teeny-tiny thrust on a teeny-tiny mass can be an effective form of propulsion. I measured the dots’ average mass at about twenty picograms. That took a long time, by the way, but that lab equipment is awesome. Anyway, the movement I see is consistent with the momentum of the emitted light.”
			 She set her tablet down. I had, apparently, accomplished the rare feat of getting her undivided attention. “Is that something that happens in nature?”
I shook my head. “No way. Nothing in nature has that kind of energy storage. You don’t understand how much energy these dots are emitting. It’s like…getting to the scales of mass conversion.