The air pressure inside those farms is way lower than the nitrogen pressure surrounding them. If any of those farms had a leak, the nitrogen would get in and pretty soon the Taumoeba would all die. But they haven’t. And it’s been three days.
The breeder farms aren’t leaking. It must be the mini-farms. But how the heck does a microbe work its way through half a centimeter of Eridian steel? Rocky knows what he’s doing, and he knows all about Eridian steel. If it wasn’t good for holding microbes in place, he’d know. They don’t have Taumoeba on Erid, but they definitely have other microbes. This isn’t new to them.
			 All of this leads me to something I would normally consider impossible: Rocky made an engineering mistake.
He never makes mistakes. Not when it comes to creating things. He’s one of the most talented engineers on his entire planet! He couldn’t have messed up.
Could he?
I need definitive proof.
I make more Astrophage test slides. They’re super-handy for Taumoeba detection and easy to make.
I start with the bin containing the two mini-farms—the ones intended for George and Ringo. They certainly seem sealed. They’re just capsule-shaped pieces of metal. All sorts of stuff going on inside, but smooth Eridian steel on the outside.
I peel the duct tape off one corner of the box, pry up the lid, and throw an Astrophage slide in, then reseal everything. Experiment number one: Make sure I didn’t accidentally breed up some Super-Taumoeba that can live in pure nitrogen.
Another fun fact I’ve learned: Once Taumoeba get ahold of an Astrophage slide, it’ll be crystal clear in a couple of hours. So I wait a couple of hours and the slide is still black. Okay, good. No Super-Taumoeba.
I unseal the bin, open the lid, and let it air out for a minute. Then I reseal it. The nitrogen content in there will be nominal now. Way less than Taumoeba-82.5 needs to worry about. If there’s a leak in those mini-farms, the slide will tell the tale.
One hour, no results. Two hours, no results.
I take a sample of the air inside the bin just to be sure. The nitrogen level is nearly zero. So that’s not an issue.
I seal it up again and give it another hour. Nothing.
The mini-farms aren’t leaking. At least, the ones intended for George and Ringo aren’t. Maybe the leak was in one of the mini-farms I’ve already installed.
			 They’re just glued to the outsides of John and Paul. They’re not protected by the beetle’s hull or anything. I repeat the Taumoeba detection experiment with John and Paul’s bins.
I get the same result: no Taumoeba at all.
“Hm.”
Okay, time for the ultimate test. I remove John, Paul, and the two uninstalled mini-farms from quarantine. I set them on the lab table next to my Taumoeba alarm. I’m pretty sure they’re clean. But if they aren’t, I want to know right away.
I turn my attention to the even less likely culprits: the breeder farms.
If Taumoeba can’t escape Eridian steel, they definitely can’t get through xenonite. One centimeter of that stuff can effortlessly hold in Rocky’s 29 atmospheres of pressure! It’s harder than diamond and also somehow not brittle.
But I need to be thorough. I repeat the Astrophage slide test with all ten of the breeder farm bins. There’s no point in doing them one at a time. I pipeline the whole process. Now all ten of the farms are in sealed bins full of normal air and have an Astrophage slide inside.
It’s been a long day. It’s a good time to take a break and sleep. I’ll leave them overnight to see what happens. I bring bedding up from the dormitory to the lab. If my Taumoeba-detector alarm goes off, I want to be darn sure it wakes me up. I’m too pooped to work up a louder solution. So I’ll just bring my ears closer to the lab table and call it a night.
I drift off to sleep. It feels wrong to sleep without someone watching.
* * *
—
I wake up about six hours later. “Coffee.”
But the nanny-arms are downstairs in the dormitory. So of course I get no response.
			 “Oh, right…” I sit up and stretch.
I get up and shuffle over to the quarantine zone. Let’s see how those Taumoeba farm tests are doing.
I check the first farm’s Astrophage slide. It’s completely clear. So I move on to the next—
Wait. It’s clear?
“Uh…”
I’m still not 100 percent awake. I wipe my eyes and take another look.
It’s still clear.
Taumoeba got to the slide. It got out of the breeder farm!
I spin to the Taumoeba alarm on the lab table. It’s not beeping, but I run over to get a visual. The Astrophage slide in it is still black.
I take a deep breath and let it out.
“Okay…” I say.
I return to the quarantine zone and check the other farms. Every single one of them has a clear slide. The farms are leaking. All of them are leaking. The mini-farms are fine. They’re sitting on the lab table right next to the Taumoeba alarm.
I rub the back of my neck.
I’ve found the problem, but I don’t understand it. Taumoeba are getting out of the farms. But how? If there was a crack in the xenonite, the overpressure of nitrogen would’ve gotten inside and killed everything. All ten farms have happy, healthy Taumoeba populations. So what gives?
I climb down to the dormitory and have breakfast. I stare at the xenonite wall that once housed Rocky’s workshop. The wall is still there, but with a hole cut in it where I’d requested. I’m using the area mainly for storage.
I chew on a breakfast burrito, trying to ignore the fact that I’m one meal closer to coma slurry. I stare at the hole. I imagine I’m a Taumoeba. I’m millions of times larger than a nitrogen atom. But I can get through a hole the nitrogen atom can’t. How? And where did the hole come from?
			 I’m starting to get a bad feeling. A suspicion, really.
What if Taumoeba can, for lack of a better description, work their way around the molecules of xenonite? What if there’s no hole at all?
We tend to think of solid materials as magical barriers. But at the molecular scale they’re not. They’re strands of molecules or lattices of atoms or both. When you get down to the teeny, tiny realm, solid objects are more like thick jungles than brick walls.
I can work my way through a jungle, no problem. I may have to climb over bushes, weave around trees, and duck under branches, but I can make it.
Imagine a thousand tennis-ball launchers at the edge of that jungle aimed in random directions. How deep into the jungle will the tennis balls get? Most of them won’t get past the first few trees. Some may get lucky bounces and go a little deeper in. Fewer still may get multiple lucky bounces. But pretty soon, even the luckiest tennis ball runs out of energy.
You’d be hard-pressed to find any tennis balls 50 feet into that jungle. Now, let’s say it’s a mile wide. I can make it to the other side, but there’s just no chance a tennis ball can.
That’s the difference between Taumoeba and nitrogen. The nitrogen is just moving in a line and bouncing off stuff like a tennis ball. It’s inert. But Taumoeba is like me. It has stimulus-response capabilities.