But that’s what my brain came up with.
“I make room now,” he says.
He assembles the pentagons edge to edge, using some kind of thick liquid glue from a tube to hold them together. Soon, he has two halves of a dodecahedron assembled. He holds them toward me proudly and places them together. “Room.”
The “room” is a geodesic sphere made of pentagons. The total diameter is about a meter. Easily big enough to contain Rocky.
“What’s the purpose of that room?” I ask.
“Room and device keep me alive in you ship.”
I raise my eyebrows. “You’re coming into my ship?”
“Want to see human technology. Is allowed, question?”
“Yes! Allowed! What do you want to see?”
“Everything! Human science better than Eridian science.” He points to the laptop floating beside me. “Machine that think. Eridians no have that.” He points to my toolkit. “Many machines there Eridians no have.”
“Yes. Come look at anything you want!” I point to the small airlock drawer in the divider wall. “How will you get it through that?”
“You leave tunnel. I make new divider wall. Bigger airlock.”
He pulls the completed device—which I now realize is a life-support system—onto his carapace and straps it on. It covers the radiator slits at the top of his carapace.
“Is that blocking your radiator? Isn’t that dangerous?”
“No. This make hot air into cold air,” he says.
Air conditioning. Not what I think of when I see a species that lives comfortably at over 200 degrees Celsius. But we all have our tolerances.
			 He seals the globe around himself with glue. “I test.”
He just floats there for a minute. Then, he says, “Works! Happy!”
“Great!” I say. “How does it work, though? Where does the heat go?”
“Easy,” he says. He taps one small part of the device. “Astrophage here. Astrophage take all heat hotter than ninety-six degrees.”
Ah, right. To humans, Astrophage is hot. To Eridians, it’s quite cold. And it’s the perfect air-conditioning medium. All Rocky has to do is run the air over some Astrophage-filled cooling fins or something.
“Clever,” I say.
“Thank. You leave now. I make large airlock for tunnel.”
“Yes yes yes!” I say.
I collect all my belongings in the tunnel, including the mattress clamped to the wall, and stuff them into the control room, then go into the control room myself and seal both airlock doors.
I spend the next hour tidying up. I wasn’t expecting company.
OceanofPDF.com
It’s been a few hours. But I just have to know. How does he modify the tunnel?
He needs massive atmospheric pressure to stay alive. My hull can’t handle that. And he can’t handle being in a vacuum. So how does he make modifications?
I hear clinks and clanks from the other side of the airlock. This time I’m going to find out!
I enter the airlock and look through the porthole. The Blip-A’s hull robot has removed the old tunnel and is installing a new one.
Oh. Well. That’s anticlimactic.
The old tunnel drifts off into space—its use is at an end, apparently. The robot places the new tunnel in position and administers xenonite glue along the edge of the Blip-A’s hull.
How did Eridians pilot a ship that traveled near the speed of light without using computers? Dead reckoning? They’re pretty good at doing math in their heads. Maybe they never needed to invent computers. But still. No matter how good they are at math, there are limits.
The clunking stops. I peek out the window again. The tunnel has been fully installed.
			 It looks like the previous tunnel, except it has a much larger airlock section. Pretty much the entire divider wall is a cabinet large enough to hold Rocky with room to spare. It is not, however, large enough to hold me. I guess I won’t be visiting the Blip-A anytime soon.
“Hmph,” I say. I try not to let it bother me, but come on. He gets to see an alien spaceship. How come I don’t get to see one?
Rocky’s side of the tunnel no longer has the network of gripping bars. Instead, there is a metal stripe running along the long axis of the tunnel. It extends into the divider airlock and further into my side of the tunnel. It leads right up to my airlock door.
Opposite the metal stripe is what looks like a pipe. It’s made of the same drab xenonite browns and tans that the tunnel wall is made of. And it’s square. It also runs the long axis of the tunnel.
With a whoosh, Rocky’s side of the tunnel fills with fog. Then a second whoosh fills my side. That’s what the pipe was for, I guess. Delivering the appropriate atmosphere to both sides. I’m glad Rocky has a supply of oxygen to work with.
The Blip-A door opens, and Rocky emerges, encased in his geodesic ball. He wears something like overalls with a bandolier across the bottom of his carapace. The AC unit is on his back. Two of his hands hold metal blocks. The other three are free. One of them waves to me. I wave back.
The spaceball (what else should I call it?) floats into the airlock and then sticks to the metal plate.
“What?” I say. “How…”
Then I see it. The ball didn’t magically move. Those blocks Rocky is holding are magnets. Fairly powerful ones, I guess. And the metal strip is obviously magnetic. Probably iron. He rolls the ball along the metal line and into the divider airlock. He manipulates metal controls through the xenonite shell with his magnets. It’s mesmerizing to watch.
After some hissing and the sound of pumps, he repels a plate away, which opens up the door on my side of the airlock. From there, he rolls along the metal line to my door. I open it.
			 “Hello!”
“Hello!”
“So…do I carry you around? Is that the plan?”
“Yes. Carry. Thank.”
I gingerly grab the ball, worried it might be hot. But it isn’t. Among other things, xenonite is an excellent insulator. I pull him through and into the ship.
Rocky is heavy. Much heavier than I thought he would be. If there were gravity, I probably wouldn’t be able to lift him at all. As it is, he has a lot of inertia. It takes a lot of oomph to pull him along. It’s like pushing a motorcycle in neutral. Seriously—he’s as heavy as a motorcycle.
I shouldn’t be surprised. He told me all about his biology and how it uses metals. Heck, his blood is mercury. Of course he’s heavy.
“You are very heavy,” I say. I hope he doesn’t take that to mean Hey, fatty! Go on a diet!
“My mass is one hundred sixty-eight kilograms,” he says.
Rocky weighs over 300 pounds!
“Wow,” I say. “You weigh a lot more than me.”
“What is you mass, question?”
“Maybe eighty kilograms.”
“Humans have very small mass!” he says.
“I’m mostly water,” I say. “Anyway. This is the control room. I operate the ship from here.”
“Understand.”
I push him ahead of me down the tunnel to the lab. He skitters around within his ball. He tends to shift around when he’s looking at something new. I think it helps him get a better “view” of things with his sonar. Kind of like a dog tilting its head to get more information about a sound.
“This is my lab,” I say. “All the science happens here.”
“Good good good room!” he squeals. His voice is a full octave higher than normal.