“Animals are going to die too?!” Abby asked, horrified.
Abby rode horses competitively and spent most of her time at her grandfather’s dairy farm. Human suffering is often an abstract concept to kids. But animal suffering is something else entirely.
			 “Yes, I’m sorry, but a lot of livestock will die. And it’s worse than that. On land, crops will fail. The food we eat will become scarce. When that happens, the social order often breaks down and—” I stopped myself there. These were kids. Why was I going this far?
“How—” Abby began. I’d never seen her at a loss for words. “How long before this happens?”
“Climatologists think it’ll happen within the next thirty years,” I said.
Just like that, all the kids relaxed.
“Thirty years?” Trang laughed. “That’s forever!”
“It’s not that long…” I said. But to a bunch of twelve- and thirteen-year-olds, thirty years may as well be a million.
“Can I be on Tracy’s team for the rock-sorting assignment?” asked Michael.
Thirty years. I looked out at their little faces. In thirty years they’d all be in their early forties. They would bear the brunt of it all. And it wouldn’t be easy. These kids were going to grow up in an idyllic world and be thrown into an apocalyptic nightmare.
They were the generation that would experience the Sixth Extinction Event.
I felt a cramp in the pit of my stomach. I was looking out at a room full of children. Happy children. And there was a good chance some of them would literally die of starvation.
“I…” I stammered. “I have to go do a thing. Forget the rock assignment.”
“What?” asked Luther.
“Do…study hall. This is study hall for the rest of the hour. Just do homework from other classes. Stay in your seats and work quietly until the bell rings.”
I left the room without another word. I almost collapsed in the hall from the shakes. I went to a nearby drinking fountain and splashed water on my face. Then I took a deep breath, got some self-control back, and jogged to the parking lot.
I drove fast. Way too fast. I ran red lights. I cut people off. I never do any of that, but that day was different. That day was…I don’t even know.
			 I screeched into the lab parking lot and left my car parked at an odd angle.
Two U.S. Army soldiers were at the doors to the complex. Just as they had been the previous two days while I’d been working there. I stormed past them.
“Should we have stopped him?” I heard one ask the other. I didn’t care what the response was.
I stomped into the observation room. Stratt was there, of course, reading her tablet. She looked up and I caught a glimpse of genuine surprise on her face.
“Dr. Grace? What are you doing here?”
Past her, through the windows, I spotted four people in containment suits working in the lab.
“Who are they?” I said, pointing at the window. “And what are they doing in my lab?”
“Can’t say I like your tone—” she said.
“I don’t care.”
“And it’s not your lab. It’s my lab. Those technicians are collecting the Astrophage.”
“What are you going to do with it?”
She held her tablet under her arm. “Your dream is coming true. I’m dividing up the Astrophage and sending it to thirty different labs around the world. Everything from CERN to a CIA bioweapons facility.”
“The CIA has a biowea—?” I began. “Never mind. I want to do more work on this.”
She shook her head. “You’ve done your part. We thought it was anhydrous life. Turns out it wasn’t. You proved that. And since no alien exploded out of your chest, we can consider the guinea-pig phase over too. So you’re done.”
“No, I’m not done. There’s a lot more to learn.”
“Of course there is,” she said. “And I have thirty labs all eagerly waiting to get started on it.”
			 I stepped forward. “Leave some Astrophage here. Let me work it some more.”
She stepped forward as well. “No.”
“Why not?!”
“According to your notes, there were one hundred and seventy-four living Astrophage cells in the sample. And you killed one yesterday, so we’re down to a hundred and seventy-three.”
She pointed to her tablet. “Each of these labs—huge, national labs—will get five or six cells each. That’s it. We’re down to that level of scarcity. Those cells are the one hundred and seventy-three most important things on Earth right now. Our analysis of them will determine if humanity survives.”
She paused and spoke a little more softly. “I get it. You spent your whole life trying to prove that life doesn’t require water. Then, unbelievably, you get some actual extraterrestrial life and it turns out to need water. That’s rough. Shake it off and get back to your life. I’ve got it from here.”
“I’m still a microbiologist who spent his career working up theoretical models for alien life. I’m a useful resource with a skill set almost no one else has.”
“Dr. Grace, I don’t have the luxury of leaving samples here just to stroke your bruised ego.”
“Ego?! This isn’t about my ego! It’s about my children!”
“You don’t have children.”
“Yes, I do! Dozens of them. They come to my class every day. And they’re all going to end up in a Mad Max nightmare world if we don’t solve this problem. Yeah, I was wrong about the water. I don’t care about that. I care about those kids. So give me some gosh-darned Astrophage!”
She stepped back and pursed her lips. She looked to the side, thinking it over. Then she turned back to me. “Three. You can have three Astrophage.”
I unclenched my muscles. “Okay.” I breathed a little. I didn’t realize how tense I’d been. “Okay. Three. I can work with that.”
			 She typed on her tablet. “I’ll keep this lab open. It’s all yours. Come back in a few hours and my guys will be gone.”
I was already halfway into a containment suit. “I’m getting back to work now. Tell your guys to stay out of my way.”
She glared at me but didn’t say anything further.
* * *
—
I have to do this for my kids.
I mean…they’re not my kids. But they’re my kids.
I look at the screens arrayed before me. I need to think about this.
My memory is spotty. Seems reliable enough, but incomplete. Instead of waiting for an epiphany where I remember everything, what can I work out right now?
Earth is in trouble. The sun is infected with Astrophage. I’m in a spaceship in another solar system. This ship wasn’t easy to build and it had an international crew. We’re talking about an interstellar mission—something that should be impossible with our technology. Okay, so humanity put a lot of time and effort into this mission, and Astrophage was the missing link that enabled it.
There’s only one explanation: There’s a solution to the Astrophage problem here. Or a potential solution. Something promising enough to dedicate a huge amount of resources.
I scour the screens for more info. Mostly they seem to be the kinds of things you’d expect on a spaceship. Life support, navigation, that sort of thing. One screen is labeled “Beetles.” The next screen over says—
Wait, beetles?
Okay, I don’t know if it has anything to do with anything, but I need to find out if there are a bunch of beetles on this ship.