You have to, you know, that kind of thing.
Going off and running away with the fox man." So, it seems that there's like maybe an element of marriage that is happening here, but then at the same time, I'm not sure where we're at with that because it seems like I'm kind of maybe in high school. It seems like I'm in high school. I'm still at that kind of school level with my with my friends and leaving home with my my parents that are shitty.
So, I don't know if it's if this is like me having a fear of the future, a fear of me doing going the same way as my as my sister, but the symbology has changed to match with the whole fox thing. Jump scare. Jump scare in my face. Uh, a pretty goddamn detailed nightmare we having here.
But it it is fascinating to try and break down and make sense of, which is something that I think psychologically with Silent Hill is always really fun to analyze. I wouldn't say fun. Fun is actually the wrong word. It's just like it's a very engaging piece of media in this series to try and figure out what they're trying to tell and what things can represent and our interpretation of that.
We have braved so much, huh? He promised me everything I could ever want to be content. A life full of comfort for as long as I live. Status that no one could look down on.
And most importantly, endless love for me. For all this, I will give him all of me, body, mind, and soul. I will even give him what I have fiercely protected my whole life, my will to make my own choices. From now on, I will let him decide everything for me and simply do as he says.
This is what happiness means to me. It feels like like this is what we've been watching, you know, her like sacrificing all of these things, giving them away, giving it to him. What could have happened for Hino to be in this situation that would make like her friends pissed off like breaking shoes heart rinko being pissed off as a result us leaving Suckle Curl so we're a traitor and then I was saying there's like a lot of things where it feels like I'm being like I'm I'm being drugged or I've been spiked or I've been like I'm in some form of [ __ ] haze.
It's crazy. The next phase, Mask of the Fox Clan. You are now able to see secrets concealed within the Dark Shrine using the mask from the Fox Clan. Hold L2 to use focus and discover hidden paths and clues at certain locations.
If you spot a suspicious looking area in the dark shrine, use focus. Take a good look around. Okay, so now we can actually see. >> Wow.
It was much cooler than what I was thinking when I was like, "Wo, we just go Spartan Rage and now I can open the the doors." Um, it's a lot more detailed than that. So, it's uh Oh, you have to finish it. You have to finish it. So, it will also cost you.
It'll cost you. No notes for me to like read or investigate. just the divine water in the fox scroll room. Unless I have to also Okay, I don't think I was like maybe I'll look even further, but I don't think so.
Now I can do that. Okay, the comb. So, it looks like there's nowhere that's going to go to like a specific room. It's just like that's a path.
But this one is going to open um just like a way back into this specific hallway, you know. Then we can go like straight through here. Damn, you just dropping me everything. How many first aid kits I got now?
Four. What are you What are you about to What situation you about to put me in? or I have this much [ __ ] I just saved, but I'm Let me save a little closer cuz I just picked up a whole bunch of crap. They were Either I'm getting prepared I was going to say with these items, I'm either being prepared for a fight or it's just like giving me health for all the damage I could have taken.
Oh, when I'm hearing that noise that I'm like, is that an objective noise or where is that noise coming from? And the last time it came up was when we were looking at the stuff with we're like reading the note and it was in the back shed and that it was just like making that noise. We just saw bird mask. We just saw bird mask and it made that noise.
That was our sister. That was our sister. Those bird eyes look [ __ ] That was our sister for sure. Why is she the only odd one out of everyone else being like fox mask?
Or was that like breaking through the illusion for a second? like it was a fox mask, but I saw a bird mask because of that noise. I don't see a bird mask anymore. forchech.
I don't know. Dude, like [ __ ] molten lava melted Rinko from when we dropped her. >> What the [ __ ] man? >> [ __ ] fire.
Are you being told like remember who you are, you are you know Shimitsu Hino because it's like don't like lose your identity cuz you'll lose your last name. You'll lose your last name in the whole marriage thing like your sister. Oh my god, that [ __ ] scared the [ __ ] out of me. Whoa.
Who are you? Oh my god, the face. The face. The face.
What the [ __ ] The face. >> Oh. Great. Unreal man.
Oh, Fore speech. Holy [ __ ] dude. Just to always picks the best time just to avoid ruining it. Having a [ __ ] audio issue pop up right there.
Hey, we'll be fine for days, but as soon as you're in a critical cut scene, we'll [ __ ] up. Sorry. I'm having one of my tension headaches. She He's for It's the loss of the name.
It is the loss of the name. I'm going. No, you're my hin. Hey, what about the shimizu part?
So, when we had our sleeve ripped off and we had this uh exposed arm, that's like representative of actually losing our arm. And now we have the ripped back representative of getting [ __ ] burned. What's next for my face then? inch.
Oh my god, it's the bell that we gave her. for Fore! Fore!chch! Fore!
Damn! bird face indeed. Oh, with our sister there. Oh, the bell.
As soon as I heard her in the distance of the bell, I'm like, "Fuck, we gave her that bell at the start, didn't we?" So, I think that might be what we're that's what we're hearing in those moments. Nothing gets my nerves more than other people trying to make decisions for me. Even if what they're saying is right, just rubs me the wrong way.
I'd rather make a hundred mistakes my own than follow someone else's commands. But that can make for a lonely life, one where I refuse to listen to anyone else. I want to become the kind of person who truly listens to what others have to say. Of course, it will still be up to me whom I listen to, and that will be someone I can trust, someone who will walk alongside me, hand in hand.
However, making long lists of things I hate is just a way of running away from the real issues I have with my inner self. I have to step up and face what's inside of me, even if I don't like what I see. Being able to take my time and carefully think things through before making a decision is what's most important to me. And did we carefully make a decision and then go, "Yes, this fox man, he can be trustworthy and he's a monster." reveal my older sister.
Uh, which obviously we have as Junko Kinuta, not Shimizu. It's a it's it's a loss of the last name. Junko always told me that the quickest way to happiness is to live the way society expects women to.