a little mistake when it came to the countering misunderstanding cuz I'm like what am I getting wrong? And it's my brain was like you just have to attack as soon as you see the flash. But um I forgot that it's specifically the uh the heavy attack the R2. So my bad.
It's like you don't do something for a while and then you go to do it again and you're like, "Wait, how did I do that? thinking you're doing the right thing, but you're not. Okay, there is a there is blue flame here. Whoa.
Okay, let's take a look at this. One woman getting their arm bitten off. Another woman getting their face ripped off. Crazy.
Here's our little fox god. Little evil looking. They look so nice. I think this is the guy that we keep following.
Judging by the Aha. Hey, you saw that, did you? Uhhuh. Ah, this you.
This place feels very large. Yeah. So, we're trying to reach ritual chambers. I guess we're also following him at the same time.
We'll have to pick up the uh kudu tea. Get another look at that item description. All right, let me have a look at this. The tea.
Slightly thick drink made by dissolving kudzu power and water in this region. Ginger and freshly pressed juice are added to enrich the flavor. So, it seems that we've been maybe being given this mixed in with that flour causing a a hell of a lot of issues. Maybe once we make progress through this area and do rituals, doors will open.
So, should I try and direct this? Whoa. Should I try and direct this guy over to blue flame just through here? Don't know if it works the same as the lanterns.
We'll have to see. They're not glowing the same. No, cuz they don't have the blue flame growth. So, it is different.
It needs to specifically be the lantern. M get get knifed. All right, we'll come back for all of those items naturally since these enemies are going to respawn. Let's continue following Co Fox mighty Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
It appears I've run out of stamina. Hey, how you doing? Bloody hell. How many bandages you think I need?
Combat heavy segment. Probably I'm going to need a another shrine before I start picking up those. And then we can start the good old donation train. A lot of items in here.
Am I being interrupted? Oh no. I was like, are we going to wake up again? Hi The red foxes from the painting.
Yep. I'm losing my arm. Okay. Incredible.
Yep. Hey, the painting literally just uh the painting said it was going to happen next to my face. Oh my god, dude. What the [ __ ] I have to do it to myself.
Oh my god. You couldn't have picked a [ __ ] worse thing. Oh my god. At least get me a guillotine for my hand.
This is just [ __ ] at the shoulder. Oh, dude. Fox possession. And these are the the women that we have read about before, like previous victims.
They've had their faces taken. doesn't go. Hi is the beastly creature in the fog who just grabbed me before we got thrown in here like me. Mother of Yes.
What are you even talking about? I got a [ __ ] wolf arm now. >> It's a beautiful arm. What are you talking about?
I have a wolf arm now. My right arm now replaced with the arm of a fox. The ferocity of a wild beast rests within. Soul siphon.
Hold anx enemies who have been rendered inanimate. To use soul siphon. It will prevent enemies from reanimating. We have a focus attack to decimate enemies with a razor sharp claw.
Enemies defeated with the fox arm will not reanimate. What the Oh my word. This is where we're at now, dude. What do you mean?
Hey, you don't mind if I you got to the [ __ ] love heart symbols? These are the previous victims we've read about. And now they are fox possessed and they help him. Can I get back from here?
Let's go to that shrine. No. Okay. You going to have another shrine for me?
I thought I'd have to explore this whole area down here. Maybe maybe soon. Like there's obviously way more in there. Just felt like I couldn't do anything about it yet.
You know, I've done well. Cut my own arm off. Yeah, sure. I think I've done a bit more than well.
Not doing well in heeding my own warnings. Beast in the fog might be what is being written about with there are two henos and this is the version that is trying to like get rid of the one known since birth. You know the real me. So instead of inside of us there are two wolves.
cuz it's inside of us. There is a fox cutting off its own arm and it's coming for you. I like what you can get away with when it starts getting into a real sort of psychological Oh my god, look at this crouch. This gets into a real psychological thing.
You know what I mean? Oh my god. Enemies that have been rendered inanimate will reanimate after a period of time. Hold X when rendered to use soul siphon and foxarm focus attack.
No reanimation. All right, let's let's do a soul siphon. Crazy crazy work. Oh, hang on.
And now we've circled back around. Now we are here. Okay. Oh my god.
And is it because I now have a fox arm? Oh my. That's why that was the thing holding me back. I see you up there.
Don't know my own strength. Now I do. Now I can lift these up. Didn't realize I was going to be so close to that attack.
Yeah. How about [ __ ] you? How about [ __ ] you? How about [ __ ] you?
This is so brutal, dude. Like what is what the what what what the [ __ ] second ritual you're going to want oh what's the second ritual you're going to want me to do? It's going to be my face, right? Well, none of you are in my way anymore.
I'll tell you that much. M bandage. I'll use one of those. So now we run through this place being uh just hyperaggressive.
Okay, these ones are the no budge doors. Got to be able to stick my hand in there. Boy, oh boy. I sure wish I had a [ __ ] ammo right now.
All right, we now have enough faith where I'm I'm going to we'll get another one of these. enhances the effect of health restoring items and omores. So whichever one I have on solemn letter, thy lovely silver arm grows strong. Thy figure no longer mortal but divine.
Unto thy limb has the power of purification been bestowed. Grace us now with thy newfound strength. Oh, hello. I was in the middle of attacking you actually.
So The combat stance is just crazy. Okay, this was closed. Uh, these were off before, right? Those blue flames.
So, now they're on. We can go in there with the fox on. Then this goes back to the start. Um, yay.
That's where we want to go. Okay. Blue flame kind of communicates that to us. Go to other places first.
I guess maybe the second part of the ritual. I see blue flame being lit shows us where to go. Um, I assume the second part of the ritual then is something that will allow us to open the other doors that won't budge like these. Whatever that's going to lead to Uh, fox mask chamber.
Housemmaid's note. However, the child she carried was unmistakably a descendant of the Sunkis, and their blood lies in wait for tragedy to strike. It is only a matter of time before that child exacts their revenge. I believe that the next time there is turmoil within the Sineki family, that child will make their move.
because we've we've read a little bit about these families.