Interesting bit of optional lore there. Okay, up we go. Almost there. The lights on, but the growth is here.
Should I look around before I knock on the door or should I just go knock on the door? Maybe it'll be locked. All of this like red growth here mixed in with actual crops. Uh, What was that?
That the objective noise? Why did that noise go off? Ah, did it go off cuz I was close to this. Oh no, it's going off again.
What the hell? Uh, a lot of red capsules. Front door keys to Shu's house. It's been left there stained with dirt from Shu's long days of growing herbs.
Ino began complaining of headaches in middle school. When I tried pinpointing their root cause, things always seem to come back to stress arising from a poor relationship with her father. In other words, she is suffering from tension headaches. I first recommended that she use over-the-counter medicine, but soon she started asking for them more and more often.
I don't like the thought of Hinode developing a reliance on such drugs. So, I switched her to traditional Chinese medicine that uses kudsu root and peony as it should put less of a strain on her body. That said, I know the real reason she comes around so often isn't just because she's looking for medicine, but a place to air her grievances about her father.
As my grandmother always said, you can greatly improve the flow of someone's key, someone's chi, someone's key, simply by listening to their troubles and empathizing with them. Hinu was thrilled with the medicine I gave her and said it worked wonders. But the truth is that it wasn't the medicine alone. I want to hear out all of her troubles and concerns.
I mean that's my job as her partner, right? I know that different people pronounce it in certain ways. Someone's chi prescription for my partner. So there we go.
We do start seeing asking for the painkillers more and more often. So saying it's tension headaches from a poor relationship with her father. So it you know it seems like there is this situation of like Shu is like diagnosing she's not seeing the actual family doctors she's not checking in with Shu's papa switching her to traditional Chinese medicine that uses the kudu route and that's something that we are picking up and using as Well, so she apparently she's feeling better with it worked wonders and saying it wasn't the medicine alone, which it could be a mixture of the Chinese medicine with also like being able to get stuff off her chest.
All right. So, with that in mind, items. I'm not holding on to a kudzu right now. And you can't look at them, unfortunately, when you don't have it.
Kudu T is not currently with us. We still haven't used this key, by the way, because we haven't been able to get to her house. Um, where? Let me have a look at what we were just looking at.
I thought so. I thought so. So, this herb can give one the ability to converse with gods, visit their lands, and even awaken dormant powers. With the manifold divine experiences this herb is rumored to provide, it is no surprise that numerous legends talk of kings journeying to find it under the belief it holds the key to immortality.
Now look at that drawing and look at what is on the table. So there is a mixture of us having a reliance on the painkillers but it seems that Shu has also given us some form of like the with the the Chinese medicine but also that flower. It's opened me up to godlike encounters, that's for sure. Okay, so now back to the front door.
Hasn't this been an interesting read? Things are falling into place in terms of some of our lingering thoughts. That's for certain. Sure, Linko.
Shoot. >> Oh. Oh. That's much more animalistic.
Wow. Being given like this like flower that's like opening up our me our mind potentially that this the fog that is chasing us is like [ __ ] fox monster. Yeah, Fore speech. the [ __ ] descent into darkness.
I would do what I must to be the perfect person for you. Yeah. >> And we're like [ __ ] out of our mind. Like it's completely different personality.
The way that our eyes are just like glossed over. Um, wow. Okay. Back in the journal.
Where is it? Where's the information that I am looking for? It's It was here, right? There exist two hinos without me.
Uh, within me now, right? Shimitsu Hinako, who I've known since birth, and Hinako, a woman who is trying to steal my body from the old me. Are these warnings that we're reading with the doll that we had from our childhood? The Shimitsu Hinako giving our older self these warnings.
I don't know if that's if that's the right term of necessarily even older self, but it's just like the real us, who we are before whatever the [ __ ] has been going on trying to like warn us about the path we're going down quite literally downward on those stairs. Also, the photo of Shu, he's surrounded by those flowers as well.
So, it's like they grow them, but now that form has actually taken on something uh yeah, much more physical looking and beastly. So, it wouldn't surprise me if the that fog that's really [ __ ] messing with us is some sort of weird mixture of whether we're in like painkiller addiction, substance abuse, psychological trauma, potential like physical illness going on with like our head or just like the tension headaches, then some sort of funky Chinese medicine coming into play as well.
And I'm like, I'm seeing [ __ ] We're doing stuff that we are not even in control of. So all of these sort of separate threads do have >> connection. Now we're back to performing more rituals. >> There's something about this wall.
Um, blood and fox symbology. Yeah, that iconography means nothing to me. We're now even ignoring our the warnings that are being left for us to family physicians log. February 10th.
I've received reports that the patients will sometimes make strange sounds, then try to get on all fours and crawl around. Housemates who served the family for many years whisper amongst themselves, speaking of so-called fox possession. I have scolded them for spreading such unscientific, superstitious rumors. Today, I was ordered to keep silent about this matter by the head of the house.
The family has denied my request to transport them to a hospital. I wonder if it is out of fear that talk of the supernatural will tarnish the family's reputation. However, I do not expect the patients conditions to improve with inhome treatment alone. See, that's where we're at.
more of that like more of that kind of situation that we're in of like tradition and religion versus like new stuff. I'd rather ditch an Aar that heals a little less on the first bite than a bandage. What are we doing here? [ __ ] like prison doors, man.
Blue flame. We're in the Silent Hill F prison segment of Silent Hill. Okay, monsters are around. We're back to countering.
We're back to countering. And you know what? Oh, if we make those flames that like the wood that looked like it was a blue flame, maybe that'll take the enemy's essence like the lanterns. Um, I'll have to admit I made a little mistake.