I don't have my meter built up enough, but I think I'm able to like break down the door. I think the that it looks like a fox, right?
You know, but I also think it looks like an arm. Like a fox arm. Like a beastial mode bash this [ __ ] door down arm. That might be what we're doing here.
But I have to build up the meter now to get to that point. We got a new medicine that now has a bonus use of being able to bonus arm that restores my meter a bit. What we got so far? I'm doing max stamina and focus charging time.
Let me maybe I'll change something. It's funny whenever I've gotten to a point where I'm like with the blessed hand mirror, I haven't really gotten to a desperation point to equip it. I think I'll just go for maybe do healing uninterrupted when we get to that point. So, let's go and get ourselves some more of this beastial rage gauge.
Then I think I might be able to bust down those walls. I can see it on the map that it is like a marking that I can go through the wall. So it does kind of make that a little more clear. That might be how I get through there specifically, which would be the like the final ritual, which makes sense.
The rest is just optional. Letter from a woman. You really are shrouded in mystery. You understand exactly how I feel, even though we haven't seen each other in years.
Are you simply reading me like a book, or am I feeling exactly what it is you want me to? Recently, I'm starting to think that even I don't know who I am anymore. Letter from a woman. Who are we writing to?
Are we writing the letter? Is it to our sister? Hello. So, I guess what I'll try and do is I'll build up this meter.
Go to this particular Hello. Go to this particular door. cancel the the meter so then I can keep more of the gauge and then fill it up elsewhere. I guess I will want to leave enemies alive that I can fill up the gauge with again.
Yeah, pretty clear. I need to break this door. Break that wall to get through. Okay, the meter is filled.
So, we're actually going to go to the We're going to go to the other wall instead of this one cuz I mean, of course, that's where I'm supposed to go, right? It says find the final ritual chamber. I'll say, "Oh, I found it." All right. Oh, thought I might be lucky and get locked into an animation there.
I'm going to leave that enemy alive. I just kind of specifically wanted to look around and see if there was anything for me to grab here. Okay. So, now we'll go back where we were, which was I want to go through here.
We'll go up. We'll use the thing. We'll bust through this wall and see where this takes us. Save some enemies to refill the the gauge.
M. My painkiller is yummy. >> Oh no. Oh no.
Oh no. Oh no. I'm wrong. I'm wrong.
I'm incorrect. You know what that means? Then that this this this is the third ritual. That's the third ritual.
So after that, we'll get some form of power to like bash through a wall. I guess we'll do like a [ __ ] shoulder charge of my shoulder charge attack. I'm getting ahead of myself. So we've unlocked the ability to open these doors with the kudzu symbol.
Yes. However, breaking down these doors. Uh-uh. Not yet.
Getting a little too excited. So if that's the case, we will ignore that. We will focus on finding this chamber and getting our third ritual. So we just run through every door until we find blue flame and the fox.
Oh, these flames are back on. Okay. It's this side you want me to be at? Is it okay?
Oh. >> Ah, right. I see now. Okay.
So, to the left was the arm up that way. Then it was the burning on the back. And now I'm going to be losing my face. >> Awesome.
I can't I can't wait for just a complete loss of identity. And then I uh I get given the uh I get given a fox face like those other ones. Oh, hello. We have a new variant.
We have a a dark shrine version. God, this is [ __ ] insane. Oh, drum beating. That thing came back so quickly.
Wow. I thought I would have a little more of an opportunity. Oh, wait. The drum is bringing it back.
The drum. I was like, why is why did you come back so quick? I have my answer. Nah, don't don't be [ __ ] with me now.
Don't be [ __ ] with me now, you doll creature. Oh, you [ __ ] you. Just give me a second here. Thank you.
You [ __ ] dull [ __ ] Hey, let's let's relax with that. Let's relax with that one. All right. In the dark shrine, a monster that has large tao drum inside its mouth.
It swings around its large botchy drumstick-like arms and strikes the Tao to instill fear and command those bound to it. It tries to cancel out any noise with its loud voice and banging. That's how it's always been. So, there's the the Tao Tao being mentioned.
That was in a previous note. I can't even imagine how this is going to look. Not [ __ ] pretty. Heat.
Heat. In the same way all those women, the women doll monster things, they have their like face cut off as well. What? Oh my god, dude.
Huh? Yo, die. What does die? Fore!
Foreign! Foreign! So you give us no warning to be given. It's too [ __ ] late.
Jeez, you can see her blinking. >> Why do I feel like I I'm getting lobotomized, dude? Why do I feel like I'm getting lotomized? >> That visual is crazy.
Why do I feel like the the pain and hysteria is like, "Hey, calm down. Calm down. Calm down. Labbotomy." And then you're like, "Oh, now I feel great.
Now I feel great." Cuz this little growth came out of my forehead for a second and had this little sigil. Dude, you can see her blinking behind those holes. Absolutely [ __ ] brutal. And you know what?
Seeing seeing this here right with like my face when we were in school and we had like that moment where our sister was like walking past the the window and I was like it looked like her face had like a a beak or something. I'm now I'm convinced that because of the start of the game, we weren't able to see. We were not allowed to see her face.
We haven't seen her face. It's been covered this whole time. And in the journal, no, nothing. It's gone.
And it's a it's in the it's a bird symbol in the bottom right corner. And we're like there's a lot of bird imagery that is also surrounding us as well. that when I said it looks like a beak, I I feel like Junko face reveal is going to be like it's going to be like a bird mask and she's gone through something else with birdman instead of fox man.
So, I think what we are I with that in mind, now that I've got this mask applied to my face and we've gone through these [ __ ] rituals, I think we're doing some more of like a symbolism for, you know, marriage vows or, you know, like tradition and rituals like you got to do the cleansing thing. We're at the shrine. You know, you've got a you're saying farewell to your friends, which can be symbolic of like you're like off you go.
You're getting married and you you know, she's always been there for me ever since the day I was born until she left to get married, right? Cutting off your friends, whether that's like the husband saying, "H, you can't be friends with these people anymore. You have to like change your life for me.