The Elamorei crow slightly restores health after defeating an enemy and some anari sushi. Now in our collectibles or our items rather the Anari sushi, it is said to be Anari sama's favorite type of offering. So we have like the Anari sushi, but then there's also the the other one that's like 500 like the what is it?
Fish or something. And that's said to be Onari Sama's favorite type of offering. So we have like two. I just be praying to all of them.
I say, "Hey, any which one of you hear me, please?" I'm kind of like real keen for kind of real keen to hang out and have someone help me. I've got a wool farm. Seems like a bit of a problem. Can anyone help?
I might be screwed. Just crazy. Okay, so we'll go to the shrine if I can [ __ ] find it. There we go.
Let me donate some stuff cuz we got to go get that. So, this is 150. Inari summers is 150. Then there's like another one that's like 500.
Okay, I think with that one that has now been me getting all of the items that are just kind of lingering around Maybe and trying to pick up a bunch. Throw those in. Record my progress. Second ritual.
All right. So, that whole thing with the with the Okay. That whole thing with the arm, that was ritual one, the face thing. That That was just a tease.
You want me to Oh, yep. A mixture of cutting open the the back there revealing my spine with a lot of growth but also the flames. Hey, that's just for show, right? Huh?
That's just like um symbolic. You're not actually going to have me rip my shrine uh my spine open. Yeah. Defeat the monsters.
Oh, another one of those. Oh, cool. Another one of those. What do you mean this is my purpose?
Why you like this? You don't have to have it be your purpose. Weird. Oh, where'd you come from?
You come out the butt. You didn't get laid out of a flesh egg. What are we doing? Yep.
Yeah. Laying it laying it on me. I now understand why there was so many [ __ ] bandages. I cannot heal.
This is where the uh this is where that um this is where the omorei for being able to heal uninterrupted comes in. I'm now stuck in a corner. This is a great room. Now, if you don't mind, I'm just going to quickly Whoa.
Oh, no. Honestly, I don't see the point of having items that restore stamina. I'll be real. Because it it just it comes back fast enough.
By the point that I ran out of stamina and I was going to try and Oh god. By the time I ran out of stamina and was going to try and replenish it, I was already at full. Maybe that was because I did a soul siphon actually. So it's a little less little less problematic.
I don't know. It's hard to tell in the midst of combat. But yes, all of those bandages that we couldn't pick up. You can see why.
Ah, so because of the because of the talismans, we couldn't interact with them. Oh, I just wasted my tea cuz I could just, you know, do that. I haven't had a painkiller in a while. I'm on the road to recovery, you see.
And then we like pass out again. Then we wake up in another chair and then it's like, "Oops, what's this? Oh yeah. Okay.
Getting branded. So the symbolism is uh the of the flower growth is that it's like a flower symbol and the flames is that my back is getting burned. You could dude. Fore!
Foreign! Foreign! Well, this is the craziest awaken. I have an L3 R3.
I have a Hino Rage. Dude, this is this is the combat in this game is insane. It's obviously like the most combat Silent Hill has ever had to the point where I have a Spartan rage. You know, the Kudzu seal.
And there you go. The Kudzu seal. That is what that represents. The Kuzu seal will fill up when you attack enemies or use soul siphon.
Once it's full, you can awaken your beastial form. Do we blame Shu for this? I'm also a little bit It's uh it's very unfortunate that I I think we missed a a dried carcass earlier cuz I was like, "Oh, I'll come back for it cuz my items." But it doesn't matter to be quite honest with you. Like we obviously have more than enough.
We obviously have more than enough faith right now. That was something I thought we'd struggle with. I said, "Whoa, how do I get this much? Everything's so expensive now.
I just don't have an aimer at all times. So those doors that won't budge, I'm going to just beastial form them. Break them down. Beastial form.
Enemies that have been defeated using your beastial form will not reanimated while attacking using R1. Devastating attack with R2. Holding down the attack for longer will allow you to deal even more damage. While in your awakened form, you can perform a counter using R2 as long as a counter is possible, even if you're already in the middle of an attack.
You can revert the fox arm to its normal state. The Kudsu seal will deplete while you are awakened. However, if you revert the fox arm before it runs out, the seal will remain partially filled. >> It's a pleasure to meet you.
>> Oh, dude. This actually kind of [ __ ] slaps, but it's so [ __ ] weird. It's so weird. Like it is actually so strange, but I [ __ ] with it at the same time.
It's just so weird. Oh my god. This would be the last series. The last maybe one of the last series in the world.
There's probably quite a few, but this would be one of them. One of the last series in the world I would ever ever predict this type of combat. And so your Silent Hill protagonist gets a Fox arm and a Spartan rage equivalent. It's genuinely a really creative move and I'm sure that it like it's pulling in a lot of like spiritualism, religion, actual like historic traditions and uh you know mythology and just kind of like putting that in a psychological horror.
I really respect it for the unique approach in that sense. Like there is an element of familiarity with Silent Hill. First weapon we get, you're like, "Hell yeah, I got a steel pipe." But then you get more than that. You know what I mean?
You get more than that. It also gives you a [ __ ] fox arm. It's just [ __ ] like that that is it's just crazy. Oh man, I'm always pressing the dodge button as that attack comes in.
You want to mess with me when I got this arm going, dude? So, how's this going to work? Doors. They just open to me because I have the the symbol.
Okay, we're not busting down doors. They are just available to be opened. Understandable. And then there will be another part to this ritual.
A final piece if you will. Drop me an AMR one of these days, man. Greatly increases stun power when weapon durability is low. Eh, haven't really had a random one that I am super excited about to be honest.
Before we go back in here, I want to go upstairs then cuz there was a little upstairs. You got to like guess when that's going to be the final hit. You know what I mean? It's not an easy guess.
Always like maybe this will be the final hit. nice. That one was dirty drawstring bag. Increase my inventory capacity.
It's sticky but might come in handy. Nice. Another inventory increase. We take there's a door that is not yet there.
Oh, it could be this symbol with the fox thing. This is what this could mean.