Feel like it's almost expected of me to go this way because of this.
>> Oh, yep. Absolutely expected of me to go this way because of that. Okay. Yep.
Well, there you go. Maybe it ah maybe I was blocked from going back the other way. Like I couldn't climb back up that ledge. Actually, that would make sense, too.
Being led by the lamps. Wait, never mind. Oh my god. I was not being led by the lamps.
I was like, this is the way to go. Oh, hey. Been a while since I seen this one. Captured by the fog.
My wings have been clipped. Um, yes. Do not go that way. I went ah the light.
Go that way. Wait. But that's the way I have to go. Oh, wait.
Um. Oh, no. Wait. There you go.
There's the path in the middle. Sorry. Never mind. Oh, none of that.
Oh god. Are you going to Pretty sure I have to go this way. I'm going to trust the light. Oh no.
Oh no. That's also blocked. Oh my. Wait a minute, dude.
Wait a minute, dude. Can we actually see what this fog figure is, though? Because in this sequence, I I think the first time we were getting chased, I did not like bother to look at what was actually following us, though. Oh man.
Okay, I want to try and get a look at it, but it's also so silly of me to even try. What is that? Really hard to get a good look at it. I'll tell you that much.
Oh yeah. Give me Give me uh a painkiller for my troubles. I need a break. H.
Another painkiller just popping up. So, we've got like the this level of like like it's a floral growth, but it is not a nice one. stocking us up. The way that Oh, it's not over.
Hey, it's not over. That was a temporary What the [ __ ] Okay, there's one of the big boy in there. Okay, that's actually not uh a safe place for us behind the gate there. Oh, man.
Oh, dude. Ooh, the gateway protected me. Put it there. Cuz it's like a growth but like it's like Elder Ring similarity.
It's It's like scarlet rot, you know, like it's not a nice growth. It is like a rotting substance. And then the way that there's like the the fleshy mounds and also the the like those big bosses as well, just like a lot of the the sort of like flesh stuff and then being hit with painkillers and stuff. And if I'm potentially thinking of like seemingly like, "Hey, here's your painkillers some sort of like illness or like cancer or something or like growth within me that is like, oh man, this kind of sucks." And I'm and I'm like not getting it checked out.
Do I have a family that's more traditional? So like Shu's family of like doctors are not going to check it out. I'm not allowed cuz cuz my parents suck. So Shu like sneaking me painkillers when we hang out.
And I'm like, man, this really hurts. I I have no idea what it is. And the way that we're like we like grabbing onto our head like is do we have a tumor in the brain? Do we have like brain damage?
Are we going to have are we having a stroke? whenever we go into the the other world, you know, with all of this sort of like rotting growth that's like eating away at our world mixed in with these elements, it's like pretty crazy to think about how these threads connect. And then look and every time when we're getting to like the end of like one of these moments, multiple instances of like just chuck back another painkiller.
You know, the fact that I can walk back this way feels like very risky. So, when I'm thinking about like the physical mixed in with the psychological element, I'm still not entirely sure. >> Still not entirely sure how I could try and even connect it to like the fox guy and uh our friends true feelings. Like there's, like I said, there's a lot of layers.
I wish there was another AMR here for me like sneaking back through here and taking a look, but sadly no. Feel like that would be one too soon. We always just keep it. So, we only have two of these.
So, when I find my third, we're not full. Um, we'll save. Like damn shoe. This is where you live.
So we're going up there. So I'm going to go up here first. Oh, this is the one. >> So, we we checked out that smaller one, but this is the original one in the mountains.
I heard once that there was a shrine in Shambles near Shu's house, but I never knew it was here. Shu told me back then that there's treasure at the roots of the divine tree or something. Sako once told me that this place is where the real Senugi shrine is. Treasure at the roots of the divine tree.
Oh, and like this is the the cleansing thing that they were doing in the in the shrine. They get the thing and they go look and I'm like, "Ah, it's lava. Well, if it is an offering, I'm stealing it from them and you and and offering it myself. Let me go deposit this into the shrine bank for a second.
Here's a big tree. Wow. could stay together. Zakuko says that the custom of putting old tools to rest is called the Sukumagami faith.
During the course of history, it somehow fused with the Anari faith, making it a special religious view of Abisu Gaoka. The only shrine in town, Senuki Shrine, was, as its name suggests, worshiping a thousand-year cedar as its divine tree. After living to see a thousand years, it was praised as divine. And then once the divine tree turned to ash, it was time to worship the next oldest thing.
Sakuro reckons that it just so happened to be the mosscovered Inari statue. Oo, interesting. So, when the shrine went down and we were worshiping the cedar tree, the next oldest thing was the Anari. So, we switched to worshiping the fox just because it was old.
So that is why it like fused with the Anari faith. Maybe that's why we've got a sort of angry god routine happening at the moment. They're like, "Hey, you started worshiping that fox." Regarding the legend of the sacred sword, it is said that Abisuguoka was a hidden village that once served as refuge for defeated soldiers of the Tyra clan.
Unfortunately, evidence to support this tale has yet to be found. Still, Abbyoka shares many cultural similarities with those of other hidden villages, and it is my belief that this tale is true. According to other local legends, the soldiers who fled here vowed to exact revenge upon the Minimoto clan and restore the Tyra clan to its former glory.
Upon swearing this oath, they buried the sword of their deceased leader at the base of the great tree that serves to protect this land. It would be a historical breakthrough if we could find that sword. or get digging. But you'd be forbidden to like touch the site or like desecrate it because it's like a a site of uh of worship.
It's like a I don't know what. No, that's you know how the human brain is conditioned to see patterns and stuff even if it's not there. I'm like on that right ahead on that route. It looks like a bird face, but I think that's just part of the the route.
I don't know if I'm tweaking. We're not allowed to go up any further than that in regards to potential sword. That's pretty wild. Hey, the tree is ruined.
Nobody's here. I'll I'll dig for it. There was a shovel back there at some point. But there's some more history though, being like one of many hidden villages and warrior clans wishing to take revenge against another.