Title: A Very Casual Set of Rituals | Silent Hill f Blind Playthrough [6]
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJeNpyw3TUk
Hello everyone and welcome back to Silent Hill F. This is episode 6. Last time we went through the dark shrine once more, saying farewell to our friends in some pretty gruesome and brutal ways before following along the path of Fox Mask once more, fighting some sort of um pregnant titty monster. It might be one of the most disgusting Silent Hill monsters we've yet to encounter in the series, but I think it's also a pretty amazing inclusion in terms of like analyzing more of the themes going on with this game.
Right. There's clearly a very effective deeper meaning to that one in regards to quite a few of the things that have come up at the moment with Hinako and sort of the society of the village in regards to never know when dialogue is going to come up. The fog monster and all of those other monsters. Um, yes.
Yes. Um, what I was going to say was there's quite a few things coming up at the moment in regards to like the village and religion and like tradition, modern medicine, gender roles of what's expected of a man and a woman in relationships and in friendships like how Shu treats Hinaco, how uh, you know, her sister has gone off to do the marriage thing and she's jealous of that and there's all of the marketing about like what men and women and just a pregnant booby monster is uh definitely goes into a a deeper level of like that being within my mind, within my subconscious be like how I view the idea of potential like children and and pregnancy and marriage and you know all of that sort of thing.
the uh I don't want to look like that or go through that as as a mother like really it kind of gives that sort of feeling plus sort of wrestling with how we perceive our friends. Do they actually feel that way? Is that our own insecurities on how like we think that they feel about us? There's uh it's it's a lot.
It's a lot. We're obviously being thrown quite a few things in a in a confusing manner and uh I don't think it would be Silent Hill if that wasn't exactly what was taking place. So, we're going to go and find Shu and Ringo. They said, "Hey, take a break." And then they disappeared because of course they did.
We don't even know if they're real. I don't even know if I'm real. Is any of this for real or not? We'll find out.
But we are going around here to find a way to Shu's house. Now, that looks like that could be a pathway for us to walk out from. What should I throw away? Do we have a shrine nearby?
It's on the other end. Do I have anything that I can donate? I got nothing to use. Let's take a look.
Ah. Oh, great timing. There's something nearby, too. Strange note.
I'm sorry. Something urgent came up, so I can't come with you. Just trust me and continue down the path we decided. I'll get everything ready and wait for you.
That didn't that doesn't feel like a note for me. Doesn't really. I mean, maybe it is. Uh, take a chocolate, please.
You've earned it. Can't let any of this faith go to waste. This is getting donated, too. Take that.
And then we'll try and use this bandage if we get hurt cuz that's taking up an extra slot, too. This is also going to be getting donated. We're going to be on a bit of a donation streak as we find items that we are not using as much. Popping them in so I can avoid a full inventory.
You are up there. Oh, it's that it's one of those creepy ones, huh? One of them creepy ones. A Oh my [ __ ] Just don't do that, man.
Come on. You even know it's there. And like, OH, I was literally like, I'm picking this thing up. I'm gonna look around the back.
And I was about to say, man, my exploration paying off. And I was like, it's like the the cliche. You pick up the item, the enemy's going to go. Like, it's like you know it's coming and then it comes at you it like sooner.
Just a little bit sooner than you expect. Yeah. All right. Oh my god.
Just like just just crazy. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Well done. Well done.
Well done. Yesesh. Well, I'll use the bandage even though it's, you know, it's more than what I deserve. Yesesh.
Could have attacked it first. Maybe. Got the drop on it. Funny when you like when there's a [ __ ] situation when you know that they can get you, you know, and they still do anyway.
Congratulations. Congratulations, game. You got me. But you're proud of yourself.
Oh, just like the hiding, dude. Ooh, a durable axe used to chop wood. It's not the easiest weapon to wield due to how heavy it is, but it is reliable. That is a weapon.
Having a big blunt hammer, a steel pipe, and an axe for a bit of a bladed weapon could be nice. Let me just I got to try and get rid of a weapon that I got. Yeah, that's right. Spoiled for choice.
That's me. But obviously, the game does account for not you know, exploring thoroughly. All right, I've hit you. The pipe went through your body, which means there's no way that you're alive.
Correct. You're not going to come and get me. So, whoever finds this, please, immediately, there's here, I beg you, help. You're not allowed to come alive.
It's not allowed. Incredible. Where are you going to jump at me? Where are you?
Where are you going to jump at me? Can't trust the trees. Can't trust the bushes. Can't even trust my own eyes.
It's like the element of um you know the game will reward you with a lot of stuff if you put in the effort to explore and pick it up. Just obviously as a trade-off you end up having an abundance of items as a result. It's not going to put me off from continuing to explore, though. All right.
I wanted to hit an enemy to reduce the durability of this steel pipe before I throw away. Just, you know, want to be efficient with the item. But >> goodbye steel pipe. I have an axe now.
Nice. Okay. Two heavier weapons. Good melee weapons though to be honest.
Oh. Oh, nice. So, you do a little bash. A blade should make short work of this one like the knife did.
Yeah, this thing goes down much faster to a bladed weapon. Creepy dude still hanging around. Oh, right. I should have.
All right. We're not going to go back to the shrine. Goodbye, Singular Bandage. I'm sorry.
>> I know. I love to use my items. We'll just pretend I didn't pick up the bandage. Been followed by the creepy one for quite a while without it deciding to jump out.
You are in the tree. You are in the tree. I'm like I I said I I can't trust the goddamn trees. It's quite the walk around.
How am I getting frame drops from just opening the map at this point? That's bizarre. Looking at a map gives me more frame drops than the game itself. What does that even mean?
Is that where I came from? Is there is that a path or is that a ledge down pathway down? Let's be brave and go and take a look. Two pathways down.
Ah, now we choose. Heavy attack does have such a a massive benefit in regards to like the the stun that it can do if it works. Okay. And I will repair that ax.
Axe research notes on hakukuso. I have learned from reading exotic herbology that kakura makura is made by grinding up the seeds of the hakokuso, an extraordinarily rare herb.