Hakokuso is notoriously difficult to cultivate as it requires a very specific environment in which to grow. Rarely found in the wild, this precious medicinal herb is so prized that it has earned itself the title of the flower of the gods.
According to folklore, the herb can give one the ability to converse with gods, visit their lands, and even awaken dormant powers. With the manifold divine experiences this herb is rumored to provide, it is no surprise that numerous legends talk of kings journeying to find it under the belief it holds the key to immortality.
When ground, its seeds are said to smell of peaches. A herb that gives one the ability to converse with gods, visit their lands, and even awaken dormant powers. Did something happen with us where we were given this herb and that's kind of like opened us up to this fox mask guy being like the manifestation of the fox god.
It'll be like Hino always liked to play in the garden and in the garden they've got like this flower in the back and they didn't even know about it and she's just like been exposed to it her whole life allowing her some sort of psychic link to the spiritual realm. There's so many ways that you could like think about how things like that can connect.
I'm trying to not There we go. Okay. So, I'm up here now. I'm just trying to like not end up in the same place.
We'll go around in circles checking the map a few times as a result. Let's push these up in case I need to. Oh, never mind. Damn.
How big is this area going to be then? What the hell? So, to get over there, probably also through like over there. That's a big loop around.
Here's me going Oh, this might be like a little bit of like additional exploration. And it's a whole song and dance by trying to go the uh optional pathways. I'm going to continue ending up on the right path. Maybe Morei horse greatly decreases the amount of stamina consumed when sprinting in fights.
So specifically in fights. Whoa, a map. Okay, I reckon that will be the way that we want to be going. But we're going to try and circle back around this way.
Where did you come from? >> Moments where you go, I'll try and see if I can get a um a counter, you know, and then that happens. Yeah, we get it. You're stronger cuz you got the flowers on you and stuff.
First aid kit takes up a whole spot. Not anymore. So, looks like there's a pathway over there that goes down towards the school area. Dare I take a look?
It might end up being like a shortcut to a shrine at the very least before we have a look at this other spot. Let me finish chopping this tree down. I got you. Or should I go in here?
I got a decent amount of offerings, but I would really love uh more Emma because that's kind of uh kind of what I need. We're in the point where we actually managed to get enough faith. It's the amma that we lack. And that's kind of the big motivation for a lot of my exploration is trying to find those.
Okay. So, let's see where this takes us in comparison to the school. to a divine water and a dead end. I was really hoping to get to that shrine so then I could have passed on these offerings.
And so much of the area understandably looks very similar. Nice. I think it's easy to retread lost ground um retread previous ground and maybe accidentally miss new ground as a result. Okay, I want to say I have covered the ground in this area as much as I can.
Can I go back up here from now that I've opened that? No. It's a bit of a shame that you can't do that. Be cool if you could.
All right. Nothing in between the two bridges either. Hey, anyone got any ammo hanging around? I just have to hope I don't end up in the situation where I've walked right past one cuz I've tried to cover some decent ground here.
Creepy monster man's hanging around. The map of Sugisato. Does that fill this? Whoa.
Oh, yep. Okay. Yeah, confirmed large area. Okay.
So, we get the key to go through there. That takes us over here. There's a naked person on the map here. A shrine to go down here, which will then maybe go out to another new zone.
And then, look at all that to get to Shu's house. Damn. I locked our sanctuary to protect it. But don't you worry because I have the key.
I'll be waiting for you at the mountain refuge. I won't let anything or anyone hurt you anymore. I'll protect you until the end of time itself. I'll stay by your side until death do us part.
Kind of like marriage vows. I don't know if this is written by Shu because Shu I don't think really communicates like this and also would probably include partner. I don't know. Come.
>> It just don't feel right. It don't feel right. All right. Anytime you want to drop a shrine on me, I'm good.
I'm I'm ready for it. Slam the hammer down on those cheeks. And there's not a movement. They going to Are they going to disappear?
Are they going to come alive? I feel the movement. Whoa. Camera through the tree.
Oh. Oh, wow. Look at all the faces in the tree. I don't know about this one, Hugo.
The view's great, isn't it? I've always wanted to see it with you. You're probably all right if you've made it this far, but just to be sure, you're not being followed by anyone, right? This is our own private sanctuary.
We don't need anyone else. So many faceless bodies here. So, a little little sanctuary shed. All right.
Well, this one literally has a blade. This one literally has like the growth. Oh, I [ __ ] felt it. I felt it.
You, too. The Emmer is real. I'll finally be able to get one. Huh?
Crazy. Crazy work. Quick repair right there. Shrine.
the key. All right, let's drop off these All right, I think we will go for a stam uh sanity increase. And then next will be health when we next find another ammo. We could draw a random one of these, but I kind of don't want to.
I don't know if it's going to work out in our favor. Metal gate key. You've come such a long way. You're doing so well.
You don't need to worry about your silly old mundane world anymore. We'll break free from all of that here. Welcome to our sanctuary. The others are overjoyed to have you as a new addition.
The others The others Oh, you're ready now, are you? Oh, you're ready now, are you? I've been waiting for you, you bastard. All of that stalking.
All that stalking for that, you bastard. That's the way down. All of that stalking for that. Just for you to meet my sledgehammer.
Not very smart of you. What do you think? I wasn't paying attention. Crowbar.
It's a bit short, but tough and potentially deadly. Um, all right. Well, we could lose one heavy weapon. The sledgehammer's almost gone.
We have a crew bar now. Now they're just throwing weapons at us. Oh. throwing us a couple new weapons all of a sudden.
You going to You going to jump scare me again? You going to jump scare me again? No good. It won't budge.
We heard movement though. We heard movement. So, we can either go back down this way to get there, which I feel like is going to result in these enemies probably moving, or I can go down this way and go through there.