He has made that threat to the regime. It's not like we have forgotten the location of their sensitive infrastructure. It's not like there is no plan in place to move forward on that if the president feels it's necessary.
So what that means is while you and I watch what's happening here, the president still holds the cards. He still holds what it takes to end this thing quickly and decisively and suddenly if he wants to, but he wants Iran to negotiate and come out of this better than they were before they got into it. >> Because we saw the Israelis striking Iran just a number of days ago in response to the ballistic missile fire toward this country.
But what I gathered from my conversation with the president is that he is working to exhaust all diplomatic options. Again, he has given the Iranians a chance at diplomacy and they haven't taken it. The president said himself. All they had to do was sign and they could survive and they've chosen not to do so so far.
And that is why President Trump told me he is getting close to targeting Iran's power plants and bridges if they are unwilling to sign a deal. He told me he may keep going as it relates to the US strikes overnight. and he said Iran is tapping the United States along and he's not going to stand for it. >> Here's the problem with this.
The president doesn't want to destroy power plants and bridges even though those are infrastructure pieces that fuel this regime. Those power plants power their military. Those bridges let their trucks and their tanks and their air defense systems drive all over the place. But those things could also be used by the civilians in Iran.
And the hope here is that the regime negotiates and that the people of Iran can come out of this in a good place. But if the regime doesn't want to do it, it sounds like there will be no choice but for the United States to go back to full combat operations and do the thing that President Trump has said he didn't want to do.
The thing that got this whole ceasefire started. Remember that was the deadline. He said bridges and power plants or a ceasefire. And boom, we got into the ceasefire which it looks like is over.
>> To talk with the president today, but before that as well. And you know, he has a distinction. He calls some of these strikes little love taps. Did you get the impression that the president was doing the love taps to get them back to the table or are we past the love taps and the president is getting ready to restart the operation?
>> Past it. That's what it sounds like to me. But let's see. >> It's a great question and ultimately that's going to be up to President Trump, but at this point again he has given the Iranians a chance time and time again for more than two months to reach a negotiated settlement.
And as the president has told me and regional intelligence sources have told Fox News in recent weeks, this is a pretty simple deal. Iran has to sign on the dotted line and they have two options here. They can either open the straight of Hormuz and make these commitments as it relates to their nuclear program and export or destroy all of that enriched material or ultimately this is going to resume into an intense military operation against the Iranian regime.
Remember last night the majority of the US strikes were focused on the southwestern part of Iran. President Trump ordered these strikes against Iranian radar systems and against air defense systems that the Iranians tried to rebuild during shoot. >> There are a variety of strike options on the table for President Trump. >> And so he maintains this leverage.
He holds the cards here. And the Iranians thought for a very long time according to intelligence sources in the region that they could wait out President Trump. They thought that he cared about the World Cup or the midterms. Ultimately, he showed last night he cares about victory on the battlefield and about either reaching an agreement with the Iranian regime that ensures they have a nuclear never have a nuclear weapon or ultimately doing this through force.
>> And that's what you have to understand here. Every single conflict that the United States has gotten into and has then failed in accomplishing the mission, that was because leadership wasn't there. Leadership did not have a ballot plan to see something through and was not willing to see something through. all the way to the finish line.
That's the problem we had in Afghanistan with that disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan. That's what no plan looks like. And that type of military planning, which is disrespectful to the men and women, the heroes of our country that wear a uniform and protect all of us. That's very different than what you see on the screen right here with all of these ships.
This is what a plan looks like. This is what a blockade looks like. And remember, every single day this goes on, there are less opportunities for Iran to make money and pay its troops. there are less economic opportunities for their people who are now starting to do protests once again.
So things are happening under the surface. This is still a rescue mission in part for the people of that country who may soon have freedom again for the first time in a very long time. >> So again, President Trump has a variety of options on the table here. But I think when we talk about this enriched material, it's a very important point because we've been briefed by US officials and I want to just take our viewers very quickly through this process because it's important to understand how the Iranians are getting closer to weapons grade material.
When uranium ore is mined from the ground, ultimately it goes through a chemical process and it's turned into yellow cake. And then through another chemical process, that yellow cake is turned into a hexafflloride gas. And they spin that gas very rapidly in these advanced centrifuges that the Iranians had a lot of in their nuclear facilities that were targeted during Operation Midnight Hammer last summer.
But as they repeat this process over and over again, the lighter particles go to the outside of these centrifuges and the heavier ones stay at the inside. They repeat the process over and over again and they increase the purity of this enriched material. >> And that's why it's impossible for a nation that wants to have nuclear power to enrich its own uranium to the satisfaction of the rest of the world that it will not be weapons.
You see, because you're just repeating a process that you have the ability to start. It's like turning on a burner on the stove and heating something up until it's red hot. Like you can heat something up a little bit or you can heat it up all the way. there's like no onoff switch.
It's not like you can have a nuclear enrichment program which is incapable of creating weapons uranium. That's not possible to deise something like that. Therefore, when Iran says, "Hey, we're a peaceful nation. We want to have reactors.
We want to enrich our own uranium.