Title: Trump Just Hit Iran SO HARD… THERE’S NOTHING LEFT
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e68HTWwqoIU

It  looks  like  the  ceasefire  with  Iran  is
over.
>> New  escalations  to  report  in  the  Middle
East  this  morning.  The  US  launched  fresh
strikes  on  Iran  yesterday  after
President  Trump  revealed  that  Tyrron
shot  down  an  American  helicopter  in  the
street  of  Hormuz  on  Monday.  SECOM
confirms  to  Fox  News  that  20  targets
were  hit  inside  of  Iran,  including
ground  control  stations  and  surveillance
radar  sites.  Fox  News  chief  foreign
correspondent  is  live  in  Tel  Aviv  this
morning  with  Trey.  Good  morning  to  you.
>> Yeah.  Hey,  hey,  Maria.  Good  morning.
Overnight,  President  Trump  ordered
serious  strikes  against  the  Iranian
regime  in  response  to  the  downing  of  a
US  military  Apache  helicopter.  A  senior
US  official  told  Fox  News  that  20
different  targets  were  hit,  including
radar  sites  and  air  defense  systems.  We
know,  according  to  Sentcom,  that  US
forces  remain  vigilant  and  postured  to
defend  against  unjustified  Iranian
aggression.  Now,  the  strikes  came  in
multiple  waves.  Following  the  first
wave,  Iran's  foreign  minister  posted  X
saying  in  part,  quote,  "Our  powerful
armed  forces  will  leave  no  attack  or
threat  unanswered.  Leave  our  region  if
you  want  to  be  safe."  History  of  the
Persian  Gulf  has  many  chapters  on  dire
fates  of  intruding  outsiders.  Now,
>> but  what  military  are  they  talking
about?  And  what's  the  president  going  to
do  now  that  the  ceasefire  is  over?  I've
been  uh  working  with  Iran  for  a  number
of  months
and  they  should  sign  that  deal.  It's  a
good  deal.  It  doesn't  give  them  the
right  to  have  a  nuclear  weapon.  In  fact,
it  totally  prohibits  them  from  ever
having  a  nuclear  weapon.
>> Can  you  imagine  if  they  had
>> It  was  just  tap  tap  tap.  I  don't  know
what  they're  doing.  So,  they  then  shot
out  a  shot  at  a  helicopter.  Very
expensive  helicopter  by  the  way.  But
much  more  importantly,  the  two  men,
fortunately,  they're  okay.  Good.
>> But  uh  an  amazing  rescue.  If  you  ever
get  a  clip,  you  you  won't  believe  the
rescue.  How  cool  it  was.  The  equipment
we  have.  Look,  we  have  the  strongest
military  in  the  world.  And  I  gave  them  a
break  at  the  request  of  Pakistan,  the  uh
field  marshall  and  the  prime  minister  of
Pakistan.
>> And  they  threw  it  in  our  faces.
>> We  stopped  them  from  going  to  war  with
India.  You  would  have  had  a  nuclear  war
if  it  wasn't  for  me.  But  we  want  a  deal
that's  meaningful.  We  want  a  deal  that
works.  We  don't  want  to  just  have  a
Barack  Hussein  Obama  deal.  JCPOA,  the
worst  deal.
>> Yeah.
>> That  was  a  path  to  a  nuclear.  It's  the
exact  opposite.  You  know,  I  like  on
television  say,  "Oh,  they  should  have
kept  that  deal."  First  of  all,  it  was
over.  Was  a  short-term  deal.
>> That  deal  was  a  path  to  a  nuclear
weapon.  Maybe  this  is  a  path  against  a
nuclear.  You  can't  have  a  nuclear
weapon.
>> And  that's  why  they  don't  want  to  sign.
>> This  was  a  path  to  a  nuclear  weapon.
They  were  developing  during  his
administration  nuclear  weapon.  If  they
had  a  nuclear  weapon,  there'd  be  no
Israel,  there'd  be  no  Middle  East,  and
they  would  have  absolutely  shot  at  us.
>> So,  which  they're  doing  now.  We'll  see
what  happens.
>> And  as  a  reminder,  the  Iranian
negotiators  said  they  had  enough
material  to  make  11  nuclear  devices
during  the  negotiations  before  Epic  Fury
started.  And  before  we  get  to  the
incredible  rescue  of  these  helicopter
pilots,  we  just  found  out  why  the
ceasefire  has  been  going  on  for  so  long.
And  the  president's  been  acting  like  he
doesn't  care.  Wait  till  you  hear  this.
>> Inflation  to  come  down  between  that.
>> Oh,  when  when  the  war  is  over.
>> Yes.
>> It's  coming  down.  I
>> I  know  you  can't.
>> It's  going  to  come  down  like  a  rock.  And
uh  again,  we're  taking  out  millions,
which  I'm  just  announcing  today  for  the
first  time.
>> Listen  to  this.  But  we've  been  taking
out  millions  of  barrels  of  oil.  Millions
of  barrels  every  night.  We  took  out  oil.
But  now  I'm  going  to  tell  you  because
they  just  figured  it  out.  They  just
figured  it  out  that  they  figured  it  out.
He's  been  taking  oil.  Very  hard  for  me.
I  wanted  to  say  it  so  badly,  but  it  was
I  didn't  want  to  ruin  it,
>> but  it  was  very  hard.  But  millions  of
barrels  of  oil  has  come  out
>> and  that's  why  it's  said  859$90
instead  of  250.  But  um  we  have  the
greatest  military  in  the  world,  the
toughest  military  in  the  world.
>> So  Trump's  been  getting  oil  out  of  Iran
to  keep  global  prices  down,  and  the
regime  had  no  idea.  But  wait  till  you
hear  about  this  rescue  mission  to  get
these  helicopter  pilots.  It's  never  been
done  before.
>> New  details  about  the  down  of  this  US
Army  Apache  helicopter.  President  Trump
tells  Fox  News  that  the  Iranian  drone
lodged  in  between  the  two  pilots  in  this
helicopter.  They  were  flying  very  low.
And  at  that  point,  the  drone  didn't
explode  as  it  had  intended  to.  And  so
these  pilots  were  trying  to  take  down
the  helicopter  with  the  drone  lodged
into  this  into  this  gunship.
>> What?
>> Without  it  exploding.  And  at  any  moment
it  could  have  exploded.  The  president
told  me.  Wow.
>> And  he  said  it  was  on  fire.  There  was  a
lot  of  heat  inside  the  cockpit  of  this
helicopter  and  ultimately  these  two
pilots  were  able  to  take  it  down  into
the  sea  where  ultimately  they  were
rescued  for  the  first  time  in  US
military  history  by  an  unmanned  sea
drone.
>> A  drone.
>> President  Trump  also  talked  about  the  US
strikes  last  night  against  Iranian  radar
systems  and  air  defense  sites.
>> And  there  were  a  lot  of  strikes.  But
look  at  this  craft  that  they  used.  This
thing,  it's  not  a  boat.  Well,  it  is  a
boat,  but  it's  a  drone.  A  drone  boat.
And  this  is  what  rescued  the  two  pilots.
That  is  incredible.  This  was  a  remotely
operated  boat  that  could  go  into  harm's
way  and  get  these  pilots  and  get  them
out.  Apparently,  these  things  are
incredibly  fast.  Never  been  done  before.
And  the  helicopter  that  was  flying,  it
was  on  a  patrol,  but  it  wasn't  attacking
targets  in  Iran.  It  was  fired  upon,  and
that's  what  started  this  whole  thing.
>> Radar  systems  and  air  defense  sites.  He
said  the  Iranians  had  tried  to  rebuild
during  the  ceasefire  their  defensive
capabilities  but  they  were  unable  to
stop  these  US  strikes  overnight  and  they
were  hammered  by  US  fighter  jets.  Now
interestingly  President  Trump  told  me
that  he  is  getting  close  to  ordering  new
strikes  against  Iranian  power  plants  and
bridges.
>> Remember  President  Trump  made  that
threat  before  the  quote  unquote
ceasefire.  He  made  those  threats  to  go
after  bridges  and  power  plants.  She
called  it  bridge  and  power  plant  day  and
apparently  uh  that  could  be  any  day  now
>> because  he  says  the  Iranians  are  tapping
the  United  States  along  when  it  comes  to
the  negotiating  process.  He  says  the
movie  of  the  Middle  East  is  dead  and  he
told  me  I  may  keep  going.  When  I  asked
him  about  a  possible  response  to  the
Iranian  missile  fire  that  targeted  US
forces  in  Kuwait,  Bahrain  and  Jordan
overnight.
>> The  president  said  they  had  a  chance  to
sign  a  deal  and  survive.  indicating
again  that  he  may  order  new  strikes
against  the  Iranian  regime.
>> And  it's  not  that  Iran  is  just  not
signing  a  deal  and  firing  at  US
helicopters.  No,  they're  launching
missiles.  We  just  heard  they're
launching  missiles  into  all  of  their
neighboring  countries.  These  guys  are
hostile  towards  every  country  around
them.  They  are  a  threat  to  peace  all
over  this  area.  And  the  fact  that  there
is  a  coalition  now  of  the  US  and  these
Arab  allies  and  Israel  that  are  all
aligned  against  this,  that's  what's
going  to  bring  this  to  the  negotiating
table.  the  fact  that  Iran  is  totally
isolated  and  they  have  no  plan.  And  to
be  honest,  if  the  president  wasn't
prepared  for  the  possibility  that  Iran
was  going  to  play  games,  this  entire
ceasefire,  he  wouldn't  be  the  president.
I  think  that  they  knew  there  was  a
strong  likelihood  that  nothing  would  get
signed  and  that  we'd  wind  up  back  here.
And  that  waiting  game  that  the  president
was  playing  was  on  purpose.  the
president  ordering  those  strikes
overnight  to  target  Iranian  radar
systems  and  those  air  defense  sites  that
the  Iranians  have  tried  to  rebuild
during  the  ceasefire.  They  weren't
supposed  to  do  that.  But  the  president
said  just  a  few  percentages  of  that
defensive  capability  they  were  able  to
rebuild.  And  President  Trump  says  they
took  out  about  55%  of  what  they  were
even  able  to  rebuild.  But  just  a
remarkable  story  about  these  US  pilots
from  the  army  that  were  able  to  survive
this  ordeal  against  an  Iranian  drone
lodged  into  their  helicopter.
>> Do  you  have  any  idea  just  how  remarkable
it  is  that  the  US  is  in  this  conflict?
And  it's  not  just  these  helicopter
pilots  that  had  what  sounds  to  me  like  a
miraculous  escape  from  this  entire
thing.  We  also  had  the  F-15  pilots  who
were  shot  down  and  were  also  recovered.
So  when  our  guys  go  down  over  enemy
territory,  our  military  is  there  to
rescue  them.  Iran  isn't  able  to  make
that  guarantee  to  its  military.  In  fact,
its  military  has  been  devastated  by  this
conflict.  And  they  are  not  this  powerful
nation  that  those  who  want  to  see  the
president  fail  keep  telling  us.
>> And  again,  President  Trump  ordering
those  powerful  strikes  overnight  to  send
a  message  to  the  Iranian  regime  that  he
is  not  done.  And  if  they  are  unwilling
to  make  a  deal,  the  president  tells  Fox
News  he  may  keep  going.  M
>> one  of  the  things  that  would  stop  him  uh
that  stopped  him  from  going  back
multiple  things  there's  people  in  his
administration  who  is  just  concerned
about  the  election  I  can  understand  that
and  just  don't  feel  we  should  have  been
doing  it  anyway  the  other  thing  was  the
Gulf  states  the  Gulf  states  were  getting
worried  because  they  were  being  targeted
and  they're  worried  about  their  oil  and
gas  which  fuels  their  economy  pun
intended  our  allies
>> and  at  this  point  it  seems  trey  by  what
you  say  and  what  what  the  president  just
said  and  what  with  the  analysis  you've
offered  at  this  point  it  seems  the
president  says  yeah  I  Syria,  but  it
looks  like  it's  in  our  best  interest  for
me  to  go  ahead  anyway.  It  seems  like
we're  getting  close  to  that  because  he's
able  to  monitor  the  interaction  that  the
Iranians  are  having  with  each  other.  And
that  brings  him  to  that  conclusion,
>> right?  And  here's  the  other  thing  that
you  got  to  remember.  We've  been  in  this
quote  unquote  ceasefire,  which  is  now
over,  for  a  long  time.  And  there  are
people  who  looked  at  this  and  said,  "Oh,
the  president's  getting  played.  He
doesn't  know  what  he's  doing.  He  doesn't
have  a  plan."  People  are  writing
articles  saying  that  Trump's  advisers
don't  know  what  they're  doing,  which
lines  up  with  what  the  regime
sympathetic  media  in  America  says  that,
oh,  Trump  doesn't  know  what  he's  doing.
Got  us  into  a  forever  war.  He  doesn't
know  how  to  get  us  out.  He's  just
looking  for  a  way  out.  However,  he  could
find  it.  He  doesn't  know  where  he's
going  to  find  it.  And  that's  because  of
what  looks  like  a  mismatch.  Yes,  we  have
the  helicopter  shootown  and  the
miraculous  rescue.  Thank  God  that
happened  the  way  it  did.  And  then  this
article  points  out  that  just  hours
before  the  attack,  the  president  says
we're  close  to  having  a  deal.  But  we
just  saw  the  president.  He  says  that
we're  close.  He  says  they  should  sign
it.  And  you  got  to  remember  Iran's
military  has  been  devastated  to  a  point
where  you  have  people  doing  their  own
thing.  So  it  very  well  may  be  that  the
people  who  decided  to  fire  on  this
helicopter  didn't  care  about  the
negotiation.  Don't  believe  in  it.  Want
to  see  this  thing  continue.  Want  to  just
try  and  get  revenge  or  something.  We
don't  know  all  of  that.  We're  on  the
outside  looking  in  and  all  we  can  do  is
speculate.  But  the  idea  that  the
president  and  people  like  Marco  Rubio
would  go  into  a  negotiation  with  a
regime  that's  been  around  for  47  years
and  has  defeated  all  other  negotiators,
all  other  US  administrations,  outlasted
them  all.  To  go  into  something  with  them
and  think  that  they're  not  going  to  play
games  and  do  everything  they  can.  I
mean,  that  would  just  be  foolishness.
And  I  don't  think  the  waiting  that  we've
seen  has  been  for  anything  other  than
what  they  just  said  on  Fox,  that  we  were
waiting  because  our  allies  asked  us  to
wait.  But  now  it  looks  like  that's  over.
>> Yes,  absolutely.  And  the  president
talked  about  the  oil  prices  around  $80
to  $90  a  barrel.  And  remember,  some
analysts  said  they  were  going  to  be  at
300,
>> right?
>> And  because  of  the  way  that  the
president  has  conducted  these
negotiations,  it  has  reinstalled,  I
think,  faith  in  these  Gulf  countries  who
are  responsible  for  so  much  of  the
world's  crude  oil  production  and  LG
production.  Remember,  the  Qataris
account  just  by  themselves  for  about  20%
of  the  world's  LG  production.
I've  talked  with  regional  sources  and
they  say  President  Trump  has  strategic
patience  and  he's  given  the  Iranians  in
Olive  Branch  time  and  time  again
offering  them  a  chance  to  make  a  good
faith  deal  at  the  table  to  open  the
straight  of  Hormuz  abandon  their  nuclear
ambitions  get  rid  of  that  nuclear  dust
and  ultimately  deescalate  the  situation
across  the  region  which  they  haven't
done  and  the  president  at  the  same  time
has  been  calling  on  Gulf  allies  of  the
United  States  like  Saudi  Arabia  like
Qatar  and  others  to  join  the  Abraham
Accords  because  the  larger  vision  here
for  President  Trump  is  to  develop  an
accord  that  will  create  peace  across  the
Middle  East.  There's  so  many  things
happening  at  once.  You  have  a  president
who's  heading  into  a  midterm  election
cycle.  He's  trying  to  balance  the  prices
of  commodities  like  oil  with  what's
happening  in  the  Middle  East  right  now.
At  the  other  end,  you've  got  our  allies
that  are  over  there  which  don't  want
their  countries  to  be  dragged  into  this
any  more  than  they  already  have.  You
have  to  manage  those  relationships  which
we're  trying  to  extend  into  this  Abraham
Accords  peace  deal  with  Israel  and  the
entire  Middle  East  which  the  president
even  said  he  would  like  to  see  uh
dregimed  Iran  join  at  some  point  in  the
near  future.  There's  a  lot  going  on.
There's  a  lot  happening.  And  you  have  to
remember  something.  The  president  has
already  said  bridge  and  power  plant  day.
He  has  made  that  threat  to  the  regime.
It's  not  like  we  have  forgotten  the
location  of  their  sensitive
infrastructure.  It's  not  like  there  is
no  plan  in  place  to  move  forward  on  that
if  the  president  feels  it's  necessary.
So  what  that  means  is  while  you  and  I
watch  what's  happening  here,  the
president  still  holds  the  cards.  He
still  holds  what  it  takes  to  end  this
thing  quickly  and  decisively  and
suddenly  if  he  wants  to,  but  he  wants
Iran  to  negotiate  and  come  out  of  this
better  than  they  were  before  they  got
into  it.
>> Because  we  saw  the  Israelis  striking
Iran  just  a  number  of  days  ago  in
response  to  the  ballistic  missile  fire
toward  this  country.  But  what  I  gathered
from  my  conversation  with  the  president
is  that  he  is  working  to  exhaust  all
diplomatic  options.  Again,  he  has  given
the  Iranians  a  chance  at  diplomacy  and
they  haven't  taken  it.  The  president
said  himself.  All  they  had  to  do  was
sign  and  they  could  survive  and  they've
chosen  not  to  do  so  so  far.  And  that  is
why  President  Trump  told  me  he  is
getting  close  to  targeting  Iran's  power
plants  and  bridges  if  they  are  unwilling
to  sign  a  deal.  He  told  me  he  may  keep
going  as  it  relates  to  the  US  strikes
overnight.  and  he  said  Iran  is  tapping
the  United  States  along  and  he's  not
going  to  stand  for  it.
>> Here's  the  problem  with  this.  The
president  doesn't  want  to  destroy  power
plants  and  bridges  even  though  those  are
infrastructure  pieces  that  fuel  this
regime.  Those  power  plants  power  their
military.  Those  bridges  let  their  trucks
and  their  tanks  and  their  air  defense
systems  drive  all  over  the  place.  But
those  things  could  also  be  used  by  the
civilians  in  Iran.  And  the  hope  here  is
that  the  regime  negotiates  and  that  the
people  of  Iran  can  come  out  of  this  in  a
good  place.  But  if  the  regime  doesn't
want  to  do  it,  it  sounds  like  there  will
be  no  choice  but  for  the  United  States
to  go  back  to  full  combat  operations  and
do  the  thing  that  President  Trump  has
said  he  didn't  want  to  do.  The  thing
that  got  this  whole  ceasefire  started.
Remember  that  was  the  deadline.  He  said
bridges  and  power  plants  or  a  ceasefire.
And  boom,  we  got  into  the  ceasefire
which  it  looks  like  is  over.
>> To  talk  with  the  president  today,  but
before  that  as  well.  And  you  know,  he
has  a  distinction.  He  calls  some  of
these  strikes  little  love  taps.  Did  you
get  the  impression  that  the  president
was  doing  the  love  taps  to  get  them  back
to  the  table  or  are  we  past  the  love
taps  and  the  president  is  getting  ready
to  restart  the  operation?
>> Past  it.  That's  what  it  sounds  like  to
me.  But  let's  see.
>> It's  a  great  question  and  ultimately
that's  going  to  be  up  to  President
Trump,  but  at  this  point  again  he  has
given  the  Iranians  a  chance  time  and
time  again  for  more  than  two  months  to
reach  a  negotiated  settlement.  And  as
the  president  has  told  me  and  regional
intelligence  sources  have  told  Fox  News
in  recent  weeks,  this  is  a  pretty  simple
deal.  Iran  has  to  sign  on  the  dotted
line  and  they  have  two  options  here.
They  can  either  open  the  straight  of
Hormuz  and  make  these  commitments  as  it
relates  to  their  nuclear  program  and
export  or  destroy  all  of  that  enriched
material  or  ultimately  this  is  going  to
resume  into  an  intense  military
operation  against  the  Iranian  regime.
Remember  last  night  the  majority  of  the
US  strikes  were  focused  on  the
southwestern  part  of  Iran.  President
Trump  ordered  these  strikes  against
Iranian  radar  systems  and  against  air
defense  systems  that  the  Iranians  tried
to  rebuild  during  shoot.
>> There  are  a  variety  of  strike  options  on
the  table  for  President  Trump.
>> And  so  he  maintains  this  leverage.  He
holds  the  cards  here.  And  the  Iranians
thought  for  a  very  long  time  according
to  intelligence  sources  in  the  region
that  they  could  wait  out  President
Trump.  They  thought  that  he  cared  about
the  World  Cup  or  the  midterms.
Ultimately,  he  showed  last  night  he
cares  about  victory  on  the  battlefield
and  about  either  reaching  an  agreement
with  the  Iranian  regime  that  ensures
they  have  a  nuclear  never  have  a  nuclear
weapon  or  ultimately  doing  this  through
force.
>> And  that's  what  you  have  to  understand
here.  Every  single  conflict  that  the
United  States  has  gotten  into  and  has
then  failed  in  accomplishing  the
mission,  that  was  because  leadership
wasn't  there.  Leadership  did  not  have  a
ballot  plan  to  see  something  through  and
was  not  willing  to  see  something
through.  all  the  way  to  the  finish  line.
That's  the  problem  we  had  in  Afghanistan
with  that  disastrous  withdrawal  from
Afghanistan.  That's  what  no  plan  looks
like.  And  that  type  of  military
planning,  which  is  disrespectful  to  the
men  and  women,  the  heroes  of  our  country
that  wear  a  uniform  and  protect  all  of
us.  That's  very  different  than  what  you
see  on  the  screen  right  here  with  all  of
these  ships.  This  is  what  a  plan  looks
like.  This  is  what  a  blockade  looks
like.  And  remember,  every  single  day
this  goes  on,  there  are  less
opportunities  for  Iran  to  make  money  and
pay  its  troops.  there  are  less  economic
opportunities  for  their  people  who  are
now  starting  to  do  protests  once  again.
So  things  are  happening  under  the
surface.  This  is  still  a  rescue  mission
in  part  for  the  people  of  that  country
who  may  soon  have  freedom  again  for  the
first  time  in  a  very  long  time.
>> So  again,  President  Trump  has  a  variety
of  options  on  the  table  here.  But  I
think  when  we  talk  about  this  enriched
material,  it's  a  very  important  point
because  we've  been  briefed  by  US
officials  and  I  want  to  just  take  our
viewers  very  quickly  through  this
process  because  it's  important  to
understand  how  the  Iranians  are  getting
closer  to  weapons  grade  material.  When
uranium  ore  is  mined  from  the  ground,
ultimately  it  goes  through  a  chemical
process  and  it's  turned  into  yellow
cake.  And  then  through  another  chemical
process,  that  yellow  cake  is  turned  into
a  hexafflloride  gas.  And  they  spin  that
gas  very  rapidly  in  these  advanced
centrifuges  that  the  Iranians  had  a  lot
of  in  their  nuclear  facilities  that  were
targeted  during  Operation  Midnight
Hammer  last  summer.  But  as  they  repeat
this  process  over  and  over  again,  the
lighter  particles  go  to  the  outside  of
these  centrifuges  and  the  heavier  ones
stay  at  the  inside.  They  repeat  the
process  over  and  over  again  and  they
increase  the  purity  of  this  enriched
material.
>> And  that's  why  it's  impossible  for  a
nation  that  wants  to  have  nuclear  power
to  enrich  its  own  uranium  to  the
satisfaction  of  the  rest  of  the  world
that  it  will  not  be  weapons.  You  see,
because  you're  just  repeating  a  process
that  you  have  the  ability  to  start.  It's
like  turning  on  a  burner  on  the  stove
and  heating  something  up  until  it's  red
hot.  Like  you  can  heat  something  up  a
little  bit  or  you  can  heat  it  up  all  the
way.  there's  like  no  onoff  switch.  It's
not  like  you  can  have  a  nuclear
enrichment  program  which  is  incapable  of
creating  weapons  uranium.  That's  not
possible  to  deise  something  like  that.
Therefore,  when  Iran  says,  "Hey,  we're  a
peaceful  nation.  We  want  to  have
reactors.  We  want  to  enrich  our  own
uranium.  It's  a  matter  of  national
pride."  Well,  okay,  maybe  it  is.  But  it
would  allow  someone  to  create  a  nuclear
weapon.  And  then  when  you  combine  that
with  the  fact  that  their  reactors  are
what?  Buried  and  hidden  and  nobody  can
see  them.  They're  keeping  them  a  secret.
That  looks  very  suspicious.  And  then  you
find  out  that  the  long  range  missile
capability  they  had  was  enough  to  strike
certain  parts  of  Europe.  That  comes  out
after  Epic  Fury  starts.  And  it  looks
like  Iran's  been  playing  games  with  the
entire  world  for  a  very  long  time.  What
do  you  think  is  going  to  happen  next?  Is
the  US  already  back  to  combat
operations?  Will  something  big  happen  in
the  next  24  hours?  The  president  said  it
might.  I'll  see  you  in  the  next  video.