>> And it's not that Iran is just not signing a deal and firing at US helicopters. No, they're launching missiles. We just heard they're launching missiles into all of their neighboring countries. These guys are hostile towards every country around them.
They are a threat to peace all over this area. And the fact that there is a coalition now of the US and these Arab allies and Israel that are all aligned against this, that's what's going to bring this to the negotiating table. the fact that Iran is totally isolated and they have no plan. And to be honest, if the president wasn't prepared for the possibility that Iran was going to play games, this entire ceasefire, he wouldn't be the president.
I think that they knew there was a strong likelihood that nothing would get signed and that we'd wind up back here. And that waiting game that the president was playing was on purpose. the president ordering those strikes overnight to target Iranian radar systems and those air defense sites that the Iranians have tried to rebuild during the ceasefire.
They weren't supposed to do that. But the president said just a few percentages of that defensive capability they were able to rebuild. And President Trump says they took out about 55% of what they were even able to rebuild. But just a remarkable story about these US pilots from the army that were able to survive this ordeal against an Iranian drone lodged into their helicopter.
>> Do you have any idea just how remarkable it is that the US is in this conflict? And it's not just these helicopter pilots that had what sounds to me like a miraculous escape from this entire thing. We also had the F-15 pilots who were shot down and were also recovered. So when our guys go down over enemy territory, our military is there to rescue them.
Iran isn't able to make that guarantee to its military. In fact, its military has been devastated by this conflict. And they are not this powerful nation that those who want to see the president fail keep telling us. >> And again, President Trump ordering those powerful strikes overnight to send a message to the Iranian regime that he is not done.
And if they are unwilling to make a deal, the president tells Fox News he may keep going. M >> one of the things that would stop him uh that stopped him from going back multiple things there's people in his administration who is just concerned about the election I can understand that and just don't feel we should have been doing it anyway the other thing was the Gulf states the Gulf states were getting worried because they were being targeted and they're worried about their oil and gas which fuels their economy pun intended our allies >> and at this point it seems trey by what you say and what what the president just said and what with the analysis you've offered at this point it seems the president says yeah I Syria, but it looks like it's in our best interest for me to go ahead anyway.
It seems like we're getting close to that because he's able to monitor the interaction that the Iranians are having with each other. And that brings him to that conclusion, >> right? And here's the other thing that you got to remember. We've been in this quote unquote ceasefire, which is now over, for a long time.
And there are people who looked at this and said, "Oh, the president's getting played. He doesn't know what he's doing. He doesn't have a plan." People are writing articles saying that Trump's advisers don't know what they're doing, which lines up with what the regime sympathetic media in America says that, oh, Trump doesn't know what he's doing.
Got us into a forever war. He doesn't know how to get us out. He's just looking for a way out. However, he could find it.
He doesn't know where he's going to find it. And that's because of what looks like a mismatch. Yes, we have the helicopter shootown and the miraculous rescue. Thank God that happened the way it did.
And then this article points out that just hours before the attack, the president says we're close to having a deal. But we just saw the president. He says that we're close. He says they should sign it.
And you got to remember Iran's military has been devastated to a point where you have people doing their own thing. So it very well may be that the people who decided to fire on this helicopter didn't care about the negotiation. Don't believe in it. Want to see this thing continue.
Want to just try and get revenge or something. We don't know all of that. We're on the outside looking in and all we can do is speculate. But the idea that the president and people like Marco Rubio would go into a negotiation with a regime that's been around for 47 years and has defeated all other negotiators, all other US administrations, outlasted them all.
To go into something with them and think that they're not going to play games and do everything they can. I mean, that would just be foolishness. And I don't think the waiting that we've seen has been for anything other than what they just said on Fox, that we were waiting because our allies asked us to wait. But now it looks like that's over.
>> Yes, absolutely. And the president talked about the oil prices around $80 to $90 a barrel. And remember, some analysts said they were going to be at 300, >> right? >> And because of the way that the president has conducted these negotiations, it has reinstalled, I think, faith in these Gulf countries who are responsible for so much of the world's crude oil production and LG production.
Remember, the Qataris account just by themselves for about 20% of the world's LG production. I've talked with regional sources and they say President Trump has strategic patience and he's given the Iranians in Olive Branch time and time again offering them a chance to make a good faith deal at the table to open the straight of Hormuz abandon their nuclear ambitions get rid of that nuclear dust and ultimately deescalate the situation across the region which they haven't done and the president at the same time has been calling on Gulf allies of the United States like Saudi Arabia like Qatar and others to join the Abraham Accords because the larger vision here for President Trump is to develop an accord that will create peace across the Middle East.
There's so many things happening at once. You have a president who's heading into a midterm election cycle. He's trying to balance the prices of commodities like oil with what's happening in the Middle East right now. At the other end, you've got our allies that are over there which don't want their countries to be dragged into this any more than they already have.
You have to manage those relationships which we're trying to extend into this Abraham Accords peace deal with Israel and the entire Middle East which the president even said he would like to see uh dregimed Iran join at some point in the near future. There's a lot going on. There's a lot happening. And you have to remember something.
The president has already said bridge and power plant day.