Title: I Visited Every Tourist Attraction in America!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pkGA_OrTwQ
Good morning, sleepy heads. It is the final day of testing the top 10 tourist attractions in America. Yesterday, we traveled all the way to the Grand Canyon where we hiked and marveled at the best views we have seen in our entire lives. And today, we travel to Colorado to watch a concert at Red Rocks Amphitheater.
It is considered by many people to be the best concert venue in America. It is once again a 4:00 a.m. wake up to catch our flights. I am very excited to travel to Denver, Colorado with Haley.
Fine, let's go to the airport. After 10 days straight of flying, I cannot believe we haven't been delayed even once. And just when I'm going to thank Shopify for sponsoring this series, our flight gets delayed severely. This is not good, y'all.
This is bad. This means we are at risk of missing our concert. >> Our interphone is not working. I'm not able to communicate with the flight attendants, and they're not even able to communicate with me.
Uh, we need to have that fixed. We appreciate your patience. I'll give you updates as I know. Thank you.
>> Our flight has now been delayed nearly 2 hours. But this guy must be the real deal cuz he walked on the plane and within minutes we were boarding and in the air on our way to Phoenix for a connection. Our first flight is in the wrong direction. But luckily I'm really fast and we were able to get on our flight to Colorado for the final tourist attraction.
Yes, we got a rental car to drive places. Alpha move. The final bucket list day. Let's go to Denver.
>> Let's go. >> Despite our delayed flights, we made it to Colorado with time to actually explore before the concert. You already know what that means. We're going to find a cool structure downtown.
That is the state capital of Colorado. We went inside. I bought stickers and a postcard. Also, a guy offered to take a picture of Haley and I when we were in the middle.
And >> let's just say you went off. He kept offering to take more and more photos with different angles. Honestly, they're all really impressive. So, thank you.
Today's episode is kind of like the road trip Golden Gate Bridge episode where it's a mixture of things. Number one, Denver, Colorado. It's the Mile High City. There's Rocky Mountains.
It's beautiful. Number two, Red Rocks Amphitheater. This is a venue that people visit even if there's not a concert going on because that's how beautiful it is. And number three, Lewis Kapali.
I can't believe we get to see him live. He has so many bangers, like exclusively hits. Our flight was late getting here, so we don't have that much time, unfortunately, to explore Denver. However, first we need to go back there and take a picture next to the 1m high marker.
>> One mile. >> We drove over to a cool shopping area in downtown Denver called 16th Street. It's a cool shopping area. They have a hat store, so naturally, we entered with intentions to purchase a hat.
This one is a Red Rocks hat. We're going to Red Rocks later for a concert. >> Nice. >> Yeah.
Haley and I made it to the shopping area. We just purchased head accessories. Not a ton going on right now because it just rained. It's kind of raining a little bit still.
Haley, this is a surprise, but I got us a dinner reservation at a really cool restaurant, but it's at 400 p.m. because we have to go to the concert kind of early. So, >> I'm never mad about an early dinner. >> Amen.
We need some snacks to hold us over. We're going to Target. Let's go. Haley and I just got our snacks.
Here's what we picked up. I got a coconut water as a beverage. >> We both got portable protein packs. >> I got a peanut butter perfect bar.
And of course, it is not a Target snack run without Joyide. I found Fruity Zips and Fruit Chews here. I have not been able to find these this entire trip. As you know by now, Joy Ride day is right around the corner.
It's June 13th. Hopefully by now your calendars are marked, you've RSVPd, and you're ready to go to the store to set a new world record. I'm going to be doing a 24-hour live stream on Joyide Day on my channel as we try to break this world record. So, be there.
It's going to be so fun. It's me, Ryan, from the future. We're working on the 24-hour live stream set right now. It's going to be way cooler and more built out on Joy Ride Day.
Almost 40,000 of you have already RSVPd for Joyide Day. I'll see y'all this Saturday for the coolest 24-hour live stream ever. And if you go to Target, look for this incap display. It has rare Joyide flavors.
It's the perfect photo op. Shout out to all the Joyide runners all around the country. Ohio, Texas, New Jersey, New York, Tennessee, Florida. The list goes on.
Thank you so much. We're going to go back to the car because we have to drive to this dinner restaurant. >> Should we get jeans? >> Oh, yes.
The lady at the hat store did say it was going to be really cold at Red Rocks because it's higher elevation and it's kind of a chilly day. >> The way she looked at me when she saw my shorts. I think it's highly recommended I get some jeans. >> Let's go shopping and then we're going to dinner.
Haley is very scared that it will be cold and rainy at the concert tonight, so she picked out some jeans. Okay, the sun has decided to come out here in Denver. We'll see if that lasts, but we're going to drive to the dinner restaurant. Haley has pants now.
Let's actually go. >> Let's actually go. >> We are listening to Louisis Kapali songs and eating snacks on our way to the restaurant. I know it's probably unwise to eat snacks while actively embarking to dinner, but we have had a very weird diet on this entire trip, so please don't judge us.
We made it. It's that pink building. Haley and I have arrived to our dinner reservation and it is at Kasa Bonita. It's right next to a Dollar Tree and Adventure Dental.
I don't think I want my dental vision and orthodontics to be that adventurous. >> Your dental and vision? >> Yes, they do all three there. >> Oh, that's nice.
I do want that. >> Luckily, we have a reservation. I'm not going to tell you too much about this restaurant. >> Okay, fair enough.
I mean, just looking at the outside, I don't know what to expect. >> The sun came out. Maybe it's cuz we were listening to Louisis Kapali. His music's actually really sad, but he does drop bangers.
He only has bangers. True. We walked into Kasa Bonito with an open mind. I heard this restaurant is full of surprises though, so I'm kind of nervous.
But that went away when I saw how awesome it is in here. Haley and I were seated in a booth near the back of the restaurant and quickly served chips and salsa. Kasaba Bonita is more like a theme park than it is a restaurant. Every 15 to 20 minutes, they have a new type of fun going on.
For example, arcade and gaming, merchandise, and the dude from South Park. Here's some context. First of all, this is a 52,000 ft legendary Mexican restaurant. In 2003, South Park put it in one of its episodes.