Me, seeing the first panel and knowing it was davecontra here to break my soul again
I read "THOMAS" and I knew it was Dave Contra.
Did some deep breathing before opening the post.
Gustopher Spotter Extraordinaire
You such a gremlin
Ahh Dave and his realistic man made horrors.
Bro wtf is his problem, I just woke up I dont need this shit, someone give me pictures of puppies for Christ sakes
I'm really happy the other one got banned, no more accidental misspellings or jerks intentionally commenting the wrong one.
I'm afraid to wonder what the other one was
One letter off but opposite type of content
real, no idea why i had to see senseless, made up misery as the first thing after waking up
org/wiki/USS_Blower#Turkish_Naval_Forces
it's not quite made up
Gustopher Spotter Extraordinaire
Absolutely gorgeous shot.
What better way to go than to remember what's important and the happiest moments of your life
That last frame is amazing!
Gustopher Spotter Extraordinaire
It really drives home that feeling of a dark sinking abyss with one beautiful final light shining as it sinks down, down, down.
I'm not sure it's almost peaceful
Having a little guy that age makes it hit soooo hard though.
This is why this exists (capable of operating at the lowest part of the baltic):
org/wiki/URF_(Swedish_Navy)
That’s interesting but the Wikipedia picture of it is terrible!
Here's a better one with the URF pictured
Oh, I can see it in that one.
Put it on Wikipedia instead of the other one if you can then:)
What's bthe copyright on that one?
Photos in Wikipedia are mostly made by people.
If you can make better one, you can do so and upload it.
Photos are mostly made by people
Honestly 120m is within escape-suit depths as well
Wouldn't be fun riding those to the surface, and I imagine decompression is hell, but assuming a Gotland is equipped with them there's probably okay chances of survival
Gotland-class has SEIE suits.
And 120m is well within safe escape range.
The fun part of submarine escape is the constantly expanding air in your lungs as you ascend.
In the USN we were taught to consciencely say " ho ho ho ho."
All the way to the surface as the act of saying it causes you to exhale.
Stops the expanding air from rupturing your lungs.
But you aren't at pressure any where near long enough for decompression sickness to kick in.
Can you even inhale while that's going on?
No, its the same for Scuba diving or anything where you're going up under water.
If you need to take a breath you have to stop ascending.
Any air you breath in at a lower depth will expand as the water pressure decreases.
In Scuba its generally less of a problem as if you're at the depths where you'd need to stop to breath in while ascending you're likely at the depths where you're doing a staged ascent to avoid the bends.
But in an escape suit you're going from relatively normal pressure and very rapidly ascending so you don't have time for the bends to form.
It is worth noting that I've has submariners tell me the escape suits are "for the families" as in they won't help in most expected failure modes but help calm down someones wife when they go on deployment.
Submarine escape being characterized "for the families" is mostly accurate.
Fact is most of the time the sub is operating in water too deep to escape from.
It's basically there for when operating in close to shore or transit to and from port.
You won't be alive to escape if the boat is on the ocean floor in 95% of the Pacific or Atlantic as the hull would have imploded.
But in the context of this comic, with a gotland class being more of a littoral water boost rather than blue water, a boat on the bottom would more than likely be escapable.
Also, the SEIE predecessor, the steinke hood, had about 60lbs of positive buoyancy.
You go up FAST wearing one of those!
They are and these suits are built for even deeper depths and the crew is trained in a tank during basic training for this scenario.
Nice, but they would not even need it, as submarines dont need their engines to surface.
Also 120 m isnt deep enough to destroy the sub, they could surivive for as long as they had prepped the ship to be away for.
it cannot help if the submarine belongs to a nation, which has a pathethically fragile ego so they would rather sentence their own soldiers to death than let another nation rescue them.
(I am talking about the kursk)
The Gotland class is only operated by Sweden, so that wouldn't really be an issue.
Honestly, by using the Gotland class the scenario this comic tries to portray becomes incredibly unrealistic.
as said, I am referring to the kursk.
I make it clear that while this scenario is incredibly unrealistic for sweden (that no rescue would happen), another nation that is not sweden, did sentence their own people to this exact horrible death.
And for the most pathethic reasons.
*nurse in civilian clothing injects you sedative so you don't complain*
The comic points out there will be no rescue mission, though.
Supreme commander, chief of the Navy, MSB top brass, rescue services top bosses and chunks of the government:"
We have the training and equipment for this situation, let's do nothing and see what happens "
Meanwhile, the humble emergency ballast tank blow:
I was assuming something like that would exist so you can always make a submarine surface.
A short while after rescue, their commanding officer is reprimanded for causing morale to drop and not following emergency evacuation procedures.
Thomas sees Stefan again.
Officer breaks down during very manageable situation"
No rescue mission, my ass", says Swedish sailor as NATO search-and-rescue operation a success; captain to be trialed for neglect of duty.'
I mean without a certain guy who made Kursk rescues impossible, it’s very likely they’d mount a rescue mission
A_Town_Called_Malus
Man, sure would suck if that guy received no blowback from leaving sailors to die to protect "national pride", and then went on to cause even more deaths in pointless wars.
I definitely didn’t try to click the read more button, nope.
Thomas resigns from his position and takes on a new, land-based career near his home.
Every evening he is greeted by an ecstatic Stefan, whose smile is so bright that it begins to fade the memory of that experience in the darkness of the ocean.
120 is still within the free ascent escape range
Yea some googling says the record is 160m.
I gather it would hurt but worth a shot
If 160m is the world record, the average person probably can't survive more than 30m without training.
it's incredibly difficult
Even so - luckily Sweden / NATO has an emergency rescue sub that would have no trouble rescuing people if the sub is intact enough to survive two days at the bottom.
Nice comic that shows a horrific situation if it had happened somewhere else in a deeper ocean.
Gotland subs are equipped with pressure suits and rescue gear (Räddningsdräkt 96Ub and Friuppstigningsdräkt) that can handle "free surfacing" from depths of 180 m.
Crew is trained for this in a tank during the training period.
Swedish Navy has equipment that can handle rescue at depths of 450 meters and are trained for this in the baltic.
If this is a war scenario it's plausible but that is why the rescue gear exists.
They could just evacuate using emergency egress hatch.
There are even rescue subs for such cases.
That can go down to 450 meters, this would be a cakewalk.
The Baltic is pretty shallow on average, but it has some deep basins
But they're stated in the comic to be at 120m.
It is where the Swedish Navy practices sub rescue.
But they're stated in the comic to be at 120m.
Yes but sometimes the water elsewhere and irrelevant is deeper than that
A Brazilian street sweeper changed his wife's life with discarded books.
r/MadeMeSmile - A street sweeper in Brazil collected thrown-away books for his wife.
She studied hard, earned a degree and became a police officer, inspiring many with her journey.
Well, there’s a picture - two pictures even - so it must be true.
Also what fucking books do you need to be police?
At least in the US all you need is a barely passing grade for a HS diploma.
Police ain't studying shit.
Well, that is not the case in most of the developed world.
In Sweden it’s 3 years studies at university degree level to become a police officer and it is mostly the same in most European countries
In Sweden it’s 3 years studies at university degree level to become a police officer
Same for most of the civilised world.
cops shooting people is surprisingly rare outside of the usa.
People shooting people is surprisingly rare outside the USA.
yeah but all of them uphold private property, in other words make our lives more awful as they protect the rich.
You are mentioning developed world but he said US.
It doesn't apply here.
I used to be a wildlife agent in the US, we're required to have a four year bachelor's.
As you can imagine, being a wildlife agent puts you in the circles of other police agencies which puts you in the loop of a lot of things.
While it is not officially required, a lot of police agencies in the US are starting to shift focus of recruiting to people who have degrees.
However, there's a problem.
People who have degrees, want more money.
I myself as a wildlife agent was only making 45k a year.
I took my wildlife job bc i loved it.
I'm also a firefighter so I had a combined income.
Anyways, police agencies are having a hard time getting degree personnel bc of money.
There are virtually no people who want to get paid next to nothing to be a police officer possibly risking their lives in the process, and the agencies dont want to pay more either.
So it's a difficult process.
There are cities that pay police officers way more, but the adjusted cost of living in those big cities still puts them below or right at median earner.
I have a friend who got two degrees, one in criminal justice, and one in psychology.
After 15 years, he's become a US Marshall, and his pay is between 75k-90k.
That time and patience is just not worth it to a lot of young people these days who are struggling to make ends meet.
So while we think it's ethical for a police officer to have degrees (i agree), there's a lot of other factors involved.
Agencies will simply have to pay more, and they really dont want to.
Well, that varies wildly from country to country.
And there’s a predictable correlation: the longer you have to study to be a cop, the less police brutality there is.
Well, it doesn't seem to be the case in Brazil.
Police brutality here stems mainly from low-ranking officers.
You could argue that operations in the favelas are brutal, tho (wich I don't particularly agree)
. well, not that shocked.
So you didn't get tazed, just electric sheep fenced?
Maybe in america you ain't studying shit.
But the important point is it's not america, it's Brazil.
So a Law Degree if it's federal police and slight less for normal or military police, they need the concurso público and a law degree later on from certain rank.
Clearly they value officers that can understand the law as apposed to cops that ain't studying shit.
But hay they have free universal health care as well both signs of a civilized Country.
I'm not even Brazilian, clearly studying as appos d to not studying has its advantages.
You need to study to be a cop in Brazil.
Yup, some countries actually give a shit about the law enforcement in their country and not just whatever dopes they can find to hold a gun.
Well not every country is blessed with our high school sports to police academy pipeline.
Also if someone wants to see how a exam looks like: https: //arquivos.
com/prova/arquivo_prova/128614/vunesp-2024-pm-sp-aluno-oficial-prova.
And if there were books, the books discarded magically added up to the necessary curriculum?
Probably boosted her education level to do the exams, a little logic goes a long way.
That's quite telling why the police is so shit in tour country
1, not all countries are like the Usa ehere the local redneck get hired for police.
Some need degrees
2, even if a HS diploma is enough not all people have it, and have to go to school as adults to get it.
And while you can be a police officer with just a hs diploma, you will be the rookiest cop.
If you go there with a degree you might start as a sergeant.
You need an extensive background check, mental evaluation, general evaluation capacity test before even being allowed to start a 2 year officier school in my country.
And that's just for beat cop.
Oh and a higher education diploma which means you have to have studies something after high school.
A company hiring gave me 4 stages of homework prior to even a phone call, so I invoiced them & CCed the CEO
r/recruitinghell - A company hiring gave me 4 stages of homework prior to even a phone call, so I invoiced them & CCed the CEO
Their CFO literally has Stanford in his LinkedIn title….
except he didn’t go there, he got a certification there.
That’s always the big tell.
35 certification they did over the weekend.
Tells you all you need to know.
I went to Stanford.""
Name and shame the business so this comes up in SEO.
Otherwise others will make the same mistake.
I'm sorry, I misread the sub rules and thought they needed to be blocked out.
The company is Santini Foods, and this is the pseudo-recruiter:
Human potential coach?
gonna put "human, potential coach" on my resume now
George Castanza vibes.
Rumor has it, he used to coach importer exporters, but now he’s only focusing on importers.
I thought it was latex.
Maybe it was Risk Management?
Couldve sworn it was architect
“And you want to be my latex salesman.”
I’m afraid VanDelay Industries runs a tighter ship than that.
I miss Phil Hartman so much it hurts.
Jackie Daytona, regular human bartender
Better yet, put "Potential Human, Coach".
That should really confuse them.
The way AI is taking over that may need to be changed to Potentially human coach.
Human Potential Coaching is an innovative, science-informed, whole-person coaching method using an advanced presence-centered approach for dramatic insights and shifts of perspective.
What in the fucking buzzwordsalad?
Booked an hour with him on July 3.
I hope one of us shows.
I just messaged Santini and told them their "recruiter" gave me the best laugh of my week.
You should send him a 250 question assessment to fill out before you agree to an introductory call with him.
If he emails me (I used my spam email, but I promise to check) I'll have Copilot draft something up.
Just tried to do the same, but looks like they’ve caught on because they have the scheduler turned off.
I’m so bummed there are no more bookings!
What a piece of work this dude is.
also a shit website.
The stock image of the people helping eachother out at the top of a mountain is inspirational though!
You don’t like the shitty Wordpress site from the guy with 30 years of computer programming experience?
I love to ask people like this what they actually shipped to production and they can never come up with a real answer.
They usually say government or some bullshit.
Dunning Kruger effect.
Hope you put invoice due upon delivery and that it will be sent to collections after 90 days.
Fuck this company
Oh my god he hired his own business/life coach before becoming one himself, and the huge groundbreaking advice that dude gave him was….
to listen to the person talking and think before you respond
He worked for 30 years and had to be TOLD to do this‽ Like it’s been some well kept secret‽‽ goddamn
The level of confidence on middle age white men is unbelievable.
I genuinely laughed reading over his webpage.
It reads like a high schooler preparing a research paper
All this for Santini foods manufacturer
Leaving a review on Glassdoor would’ve done more than this email/reddit post lol
Edit: okay guys, OP added details about what actual company this was now.
My point was Glassdoor is better than a Reddit post ***that does not name the company*** since Glassdoor would inherently name the company
Not true, Reddit has been ranking very high for SEO, and more likely to be found organically via a Reddit post than Glassdoor these days
I specifically look for Reddit when I search anything job related
Ever since google and reddit signed a partnership to train Gemini, reddit posts are put at the top of google searches.
I’m wondering when you guys realize that Glassdoor is a scam.
Companies can have reviews pulled for a variety of reasons.
The TOS are very loose and if a legal dept Glassdoor they will pull reviews.
I posted a neutral review and it got pulled for violating guidelines.
Glassdoor is BS of the same flavor as the Better Business Bureau.
Glassdoor is for the companies, not for the employees.
Should I also start leaving reviews on trip advisor?
Can’t wait to see if they reply lol people who aren’t job searching have no idea how ridiculous it’s become.
I am even receiving rejections from positions that I am perfect fit minus experience in the field, as I am applying for junior positions after I finished my master's.
So far, I appear to not have adequate experience for even junior roles.
i want companies to enter part of their own employees into talent pools regularly, for testing purposes.
if their hr department flags them all as "not a good fit", punish them for being absolutely out of touch and useless.
otherwise, rising unemployment, economy and desperation allow them to play with peoples lives.
I am certain people would fail that in many companies, or at minimum they would find out how ridiculous requirements are set in place.
Something similar happened to a friend in my last job (the company bankrupted lol).
They needed someone for a role of a shift manager and instead of promoting someone who worked the line for a long time, they would still frequently pick people from outside that did not really have much relevant experience.
Mostly just a nice university degree and experience in leading people.
And typically it would be a cluster fuck, since those people had no idea how to actually run a production line and people working that.
So a lot of responsibility would be delegated to someone else (or they would rather take it themselves).
I would have never made it through hiring at my last company I don’t think, but I got a personal recommendation from one of the executives.
I ended up running one of the teams and did a great job, but only had the chance because that exec knew me and had seen some of my other work.
i think it was on this on this sub but maybe one of the tech ones, where a hiring manager did this after someone he knew personally to be qualified for the role got an auto rejection.
submitted his own resume with a fake name and also got rejected for not meeting the qualifications.
wish i could remember the outcome, but guessing hr just got a mild slap on the wrist
this is the idea behind 360 reviews, FWIW.
I’ve been rejected from jobs I didn’t even apply for.
It was for a position I would never have applied for in a city I wouldn't want to move to.
Still kinda hurt xD
Lmao sorry not sorry u/Lazy-Living1825 but we’re gonna have to let you go here
I have an interview in three weeks for a job I didn't apply for (they previously rejected me, maybe they kept my info on file).
Degrees don't guarantee performance.
It's a risk for the company when you have no experience in the field.
I'd take experience over a degree any day.
Yeh but if you're looking for juniors, paying junior wages and giving a junior title you should be taking more of a punt.
Expecting years of experience for a junior role is ridiculous.
They want senior work for junior pay.
And if you met the execs in charge you would be amazed at how simple they are.
I sent in an application the other day just for a 20/hour dryer operator position at an industrial laundromat and have recieved several inquiries in return from them about if I'm interested in their (15/hour training rate) accountant position despite me already telling them no
i have settled for a shitty remote job and just waiting to go back to school because i cannot apply for loads of jobs only to do an insane amount of homework and personality tests to be told i'm not getting a real interview lol.
also the amount of spam emails/calls because half of the listings are data mining.
They turned it into a training video on Phishing emails
Please keep us updated OP.
I also would love to know how much you are charging them in your invoice.
I want to know the latter so I can send out a couple invoices of my own lol
If you don’t name and shame the company, then this definitely didn’t happen.
The company is Santini Foods, I misread the sub rules and thought it needed to be edited out.
And since the "recruiter" named his company after himself, I don't mind calling out Laurence Hansen coaching
A "Human Potential Coach" running an application process this soul-crushing is its own kind of business card.
The invoice for services rendered is such a clean move, turning their extraction of free consulting work into an actual bill.
Hope David comes back with an update on whether they paid.
I most certainly will, and I plan on calling the coach, accounts payable and CEO.
Not because I expect to be paid, but because I'd like to hear a verbal response.
As an AP person, please dont lump us in with them.
I just push buttons.
I try to stay out of soul crushing shenanigans.
I’m also in AP and Im with you lol.
I just pay the bills, I’ve got absolutely nothing to do with hiring practices.
I just pay who they tell me to and make sure we’re following the law while we do it
Honestly if I received this at my company my next step would basically be to send it to the people involved (CEO and/or recruiter) and basically say, "If you approve this it's paid otherwise it's going in the circular file."
Calling them directly is bold.
The silence on the other end when you ask for payment will be worth more than the invoice.
Im at the stage in my career I dont jump thru hoops.
Funny thing is, where I'm from a company was actually forced to pay like 3k in an invoice like that by a court after a guy didn't get the job.
Now a lot of companies have stopped these stupid charades or are specifically writing that you will not be compensated for any work you do during the hiring process.
So it absolutely can work.
This is all from sas selling companies crap.
I worked in marketing for a company who complained about how hard it was to hire.
I was new and said let me take a look, selling your company to clients or employees it's the same skill set right?
Took me like two minutes in the backend to see they had been sold this robust hiring software package and had every feature turned on which was plethora personality, math, and other dumb hoops.
I don't even think they knew how to go in and see the results.
They just looked at the resumes sent to their emails.
I clicked all that crap off and the application rate like quadrupled.
They thought I was a marketing genius, I mean which I am for sure, but not because of that.
It's funny because any company expecting this sort if hoop jumping is only going to get hoop jumpers.
Hoop jumpers are the people who make a thing happen, but that this is typically insecure and ultimately worthless.
Facebook does this shit in evals.
They hate feedback like "you have the option to create amazing technical solutions, yet expect everyone to suck a trust fund kid's dick.
Mark is a retard in the right place at the right time.
I wasn't hired by Facebook/Meta, and I'm glad for that.
Everytime I get a resume from an Indian with Fascbook history, I delete it.
You could have been somebody, instead you decided to be nobody at Fascbook.
CEO presses "report as spam" and then moves on with their day.
Next time simply do not participate
I was looking for a part time job last winter and applied for a low paying E-commerce job at Good Will (I'm talking less than 20 an hour) and they were trying to get me to record videos of myself answering the stupidest most irrelevant questions you could imagine, like not about the job or my qualifications whatsoever, and I just closed the tab halfway through.
The employment equivalent of "at least take me out to dinner first"
Morgan freeman: "they did not pay"
I don’t understand why people don’t give the company names out on these posts so we can all avoid them like the plaque.
I'm sorry, I misread the sub rules.
The company is Santini Foods, and this is the pseudo-recruiter:
please update us when you can
This sounds like a scam or a good way to build a database for your new LLM
Well congrats I guess.
They’ll probably laugh and delete.
I do know that’s super annoying though.
Just don’t see the point of emailing them lol
No I think this is great.
The whole “take the high road” or “don’t waste your time, nothing will change” approach is part of why so much of the world today is a joke, nobody speaks up or makes an effort.
Idk it would make me feel good.
Nice exercise in saying f you to the man even though it’s likely for neigh
They may not know how ridiculous their HR has become.
My guess is that someone in the C-Suite pays this executive coach and said coach needed to come up with a bunch of bull shit to justify recruiting services he has no experience in.
The CEO will never even see it, their admin will just delete it.
It is a small company and I came across an email that appeared to be from the CEOs own personal domain.
So better chances than none.
Why do they not name the business?
What’s the point of calling them out but not being specific
Cmon man post the invoice
How in the world ppl find the CEO or higher ups emails, to CC them?
Раздел «Информация о сообществе»
We'll pay you in experience!
Did a recruiter make you send them a resume and still fill out all the same information on their website?
Did a candidate send a cover letter that just says "PLEASE LET ME WORK HERE"?
Tell us those stories!
опубликованных материалов за неделю
Don't post obvious typos
Be respectful of the volunteer mods.
Do not post personal information
Always apply directly on company websites
Avoid "Easy Apply" on LinkedIn or Indeed
Great Uncle Pixel
Millions of HackerRanks completed.
Посмотреть всех модераторов
Ben chose peace over explanations.
emoji: KermitSlowerSip_APNG:
r/SipsTea - Ben chose peace over explanations.
I've seen two documentaries on those twins.
they are weapons grade crazy.
They are 100% obsessed with being identical and living completely identical lives.
That is why they have one fiance because the idea of having different fiances would make them less identical.
They have said that if one of them lost a limb the other would remove the same limb to remain identical.
They want to get pregnant at the same time and give birth at the same time to the point that if one of them lost the baby the other would abort to keep them identical.
It is seriously some deep ass psychosis.
Poor guy, now he has to make double cardio session everyday.
Doesn’t hold up on the next line though
My identical twin girlfriends have shared psychosis
My steak is trying to kill me
My lobster is spending all my money
Shit yeah if one buys a 1500 handbag the other does too
Maybe get one of them to get a million dollar job
Maybe get one of them to get a million dollar job
This would almost be like Gone Girl levels of psychotic
You'd be constantly trying to game the system trying to convince one or the other to do something in your favor as a gamble but then when something bad happens it's double
Ben is really out here living dangerously.
Sticking his dick in all sorts of crazy.
Crazy hot scale don’t have a factor of 2 subsection
It's the third axis
maybe the 1 crazy will cancel out the other crazy and he'll be safe?
They demand I nut in both of them if I nut in one!
Benny boy pulled it off.
This one’s even better https: //www.
au/news/real-life/anna-and-lucy-decinque/
That is the most cancerous website I've ever clicked on.
Sorry about that
What is love if not finding the crazy we can live with?
Imagine breaking up with them?
Two crazy bitches keying your car and burning your house down.
Identical twin fiancees, you mean.
And of course they have to both be crazy to do a threesome with their own twin sister.
I think he's well aware they're insane
That is the worst part.
if i'm not mistaken they decided to go the in vitro route because then they can get pregnant as close together as humanly possible.
What happens if everything is timed perfectly but one is having a boy and the other a girl?
What happens when the babies dont look or want to live identically?
Everything has to be identical so prob at the same time?
The other wanted the same tooth removed & nothing was wrong with it.
When they had a job as waitresses, they got fired because they had to be doing the exact same thing all the time.
They even take the same amount of steps.
If one was carrying a glass of water, the other would go get a glass of water.
They need help bad.
Ok that’s actually tragic
Ben got caught in a crazy blender.
My man riding that tidal wave of crazy.
And then when the babies look slightly different?
What a unique kind of crazy.
I’ve known twins who want to distance themselves from each other and establish their unique identities, and twins who are very close and do everything together, but twins who share an OCD about not being any different is a wild idea.
That feels kinda dangerous.
Like, I can see that kind of obsession leading to a murder-suicide situation.
Or maybe that’s just movie brain talking.
Oh shit you weren't kidding, what the hell.
Identically crazy at least
I mean, not wrong.
I couldn't imagine having a twin and them being totally obsessed with being exactly like me while I'm just trying to live my life.
That would be truly awful.
If one becomes more crazy, the other one has to match.
My wife wouldn’t allow me to have an identical twin, I don’t think she could deal with it.
Do they want to get railed at the same time?
But they do want the exact same type and amount of 'railing' on a sequential basis.
For obvious reasons, they have been asked this question multiple times
Explains the look on Ben's face.
Why didn't they just find identical twins to date?
And what if the babies are born but don’t end up looking like each other?
During a test run of a 1, 000-ton train on the Seto Ohashi Bridge, the center of the bridge deflected by approximately 80 cm (31.
Was that considered a pass?
Like, what's the tolerance in something like that?
I think you mean, 70 cm 9 cm.
Yo dawg, I heard you like tolerances.
So I put a tolerance in your tolerance.
Anything over 4 inches is huge.
But like, are you factoring yaw?
Did they find the new cheese?
That all depends on where you start measuring from.
Ass to tip, as in ass cheek on full back thrust to dick tip on full follow through.
Yeah your mom seems to like it
A good engineer builds in a tolerance 2-3x of the worst case scenario so I expect it will be fine
Assuming it was designed by a good engineer haha
Usually something like 1/500 of the span.
If the span was hundreds of meters that’s when you get big total deflection
The bridge in this video is part of the Seto Ohashi (Ohashi “big bridge”), a series of interconnected bridges that run across the Seto Naikai (Seto Inland Sea) between the main island of Honshu and Shikoku, the smallest of the four main islands of Japan.
In total, the Seto Ohashi is about 13km long.
I don’t know which particular span is shown in the video, but the longest single span length is about 1, 100m.
You can catch the Marine Liner train across the bridge from Okayama in Honshu to Takamatsu in Shikoku.
Some of the carriages have a lower and upper deck and the upper deck gives you great views.
Deflection tolerance is mostly just for psychological reasons and some integrity reaons (avoiding cracking, and similar).
There are other calculations and tests for structural integrity.
This concentrated load also isn't a probable ("usual") load I bet (which these tolerances are for in most countries), but a special, niche scenario they used to test extreme circumstances.
This also isn't that big of a deflection, it's less than 1/1000th of the span length.
In contrast, in EU standards for example, a beam would have a deflection tolerance of around 1/250.
Their infrastructure requires maximum ability to provide extreme flexibility to survive earthquakes, typhons, and tsnamis, so their architectural engineering is the best in the world.
That bridge span not only absorbed the super heavy train, it handled a moving wave through the rail line while allowing the train electrode maintained contact with the overhead transmission lines.
However, I doubt they would schedule having a simultaneous passage on the opposite rails with another super heavy train.
I can only image the effects of competing force waves passing in opposite directions.
The combined dynamic forces on the bridge would be astronomical when the nodes of the traveling waves align.
Yeah, I hear you on that multiple trains thing.
Weird resonance build up of two of those waves interacting could make for much larger amplitudes at points in the waveform.
But I agree, I think this was very likely intended to happen this way.
I bunch of engineers far more skilled than I am did the maths on this.
Never the less, I bet that train driver and all those engineers were at maximum pucker during this test even if this is intentional, it’s surely hard to fight the intuition that it’s not meant to bend like that
Is it like how wooden houses are better than brick houses in earthquake prone areas like japan?
There is a strict speed limit on the ice roads in the artic.
A heavy truck pushes the ice down and creates a wave in the surface of the ice.
If the truck drives too fast it adds amplitude to the wave, which can have catastrophic effects on the ice road if the wave flows over a shallow area, a shoreline, or the wave from a truck coming in the opposite direction.
We just had a "double typhoon".
Please don't send Typhon.
Ok I thought they were testing the train for regular passage not testing the bridge for maximum stress lol
I guess that’s a pass then considering the bridge didn’t collapse
At the end the last thing the narrator says is: 「…
瀬戸大橋は、設計通りの強さを見せたのです」: basically meaning “Seto ohashi exhibited/showed the planned strength / met planning expectations.
Or more simply: everything went according to plan.
Golden gate bridge deflected 7 ft and is still going strong.
Me seeing the recent European summer weather posts.
r/memes - SEASONS IN THE Europe SUMMER FALL WINTER SPRING SEASONS IN SOUTHEAST ASIA RLP RLP RIP SUMMER FALL WINTER SPRING
We have heavy rain season and Heavy Smog season wind from Indonesia
Went to Vietnam on a high school history trip once.
We went during monsoon season for the cheaper tickets
There was lightning every night for about 3 weeks, we were actually about 50m away from a lightning rod at a train station that got hit by one, I've never heard a louder sound in my life
You had to wear thin coat rain jackets, the kind of ones that are really light but waterproof, for really humid camping and stuff.
Because they were so thin, it protected from the water, but not physically.
Something about the rain is so dense that you would literally get bruised shoulders from staying outside too long
Really interesting weather.
I've lived in nz, where things are very humid and hot, and I've lived in Europe, which is very dry and hot, but I've never seen anything like southeast Asia before
Wherever you lived in Europe might've been dry and hot, but the whole continent isn't.
Some of it is cold, some of it is incredibly humid.
Atlantic coast is generally very humid
You underestimate the way cities are built in Europe.
Our buildings are heat batteries.
Me and some friends building homes atm.
Everyone is so obsessed with the type of heating and cost of it.
People really underestimate the importance of cooling in the future.
The damn things are capable of running bavkwards.
God heatpumps have such a bad name lmao.
Like it pumps heat into the room or it pumps heat out of the room (not really but ya know) but so many people will think its a wall mounted heater
pumps heat out of the room indeed?
There's literally a pump that compresses a gas, this will increase temperature and then release heat.
Then the gas is decompressed, the temperature drops, and it will absorb heat.
if you put those two actions in a different space, one space will get heat pumped into it, the other will have heat pumped out of it.
my clown ass couldn't quite remember how it worked and so brain went "cold air blow out which deletes hot" lmao
My architect is not really for it but I’ve left no choice to him and well I’m going with an air-air heat pump and I will heat and refresh with AC.
The most amazing thing is, it’s cheaper than the usual heating floor plus heat pump.
Sure the heating feeling won’t be as good as with the floor heating but we have progressed a lot since the older ACs, they’re so quiet and comfortable these days.
Thoroughly discussing AC, I’ve had so many people not being positive about it, only one person was positive about it.
It’s crazy how people are blind to its benefits especially when now we can install solar panels to run it for virtually free…
People refuse to accept that our summers won’t get colder, yet they will get constantly warmer.
Yeah it's even in the code of my housing association that airco isn't allowed unless discussed with them.
Luckily a mobile airco is fine so i bought that just for my small bedroom.
There's so many things that could be done though.
Just put shutters on the outside of the windows and you already stop a ton of heat.
Right now pretty much every home in Amsterdam doesn't have such shutters which means the heat is at best stopped at the curtain behind the window, which means quite a bit still coms in regardless.
But yeah people are still not accepting this is the new normal and that this normal is only going to get worse with the years.
38C "air temperature", shade, not too humid, evening walk.
Still sweating like crazy.
All I can see everywhere is: stone, concrete, asphalt, oh and maybe 1 tree.
I thought this was only in Serbia, and that it's better in the EU.
The cities are literally like concrete bags, and there's no shade at all.
The houses are low, and there are few trees.
I feel like a target for the sun.
Mods Are Nice People
look at turin in google street view.
Lol, literally zero trees.
I was in Belgrade last year and complimented how many trees the city had A lot of cities in Spain have no trees and it’s literally hell
Yea, visiting europe coming from a place loaded with trees everywhere was interesting.
One of the few times Ive gotten close to heat stroke, and just from walking the streets of paris.
Yup My room has over 33 C for the last week With only dropping below 30 arround 4am
My room never dropped below 30.
I woke up with 37 two days ago.
It’s also simply not true that ‘summers’ are worse in SE Asia.
I live in Indonesia and am from Europe.
Yeah sure it’s hot year-round (which I like) but it doesn’t get as crazy hot and humid as in Europe right now.
My Indonesian ex-gf is in London right now and absolutely dying.
Building codes here are essentially centered around preserving heat to minimize costs for heating.
So basically protection from the cold.
Outside heat is basically no consideration beyond „good insulation will keep the heat out for a few days“.
We knew it, we funking knew it.
It's been discussed over decades now but some people sad: "But the profits!"
, Or "But we need to have a black Zero (no new country debts), our children will need to pay for it."
Years of ecology movements are gotten deformed as irresponsible spending and lunatic left-wings.
AND NOW THE SHIT IS BURNING, literally!
I sat there last year with my uncle who tried to explain to me why we need more fossils and climate change isn't that of a problem.
I just need to let it out and hope green parties around Europe are using the heat wave to say: "The climatechange is real, and Ideas to cooledown city's and other stuff like are our way to make our country/Europe a place were we are able to survive."
I came back from Singapore recently, and the german summer is pretty much 100% identical to that climate.
Sure, we just have to endure that for two weeks or so…
But it is truly subequatorial / equatorial right now.
Sure, we just have to endure that for two weeks or so
Brother, you forgot that July and August are around the corner which are hotter than June in normal circumstances
You are probably correct.
That was my optimism talking.
Brother what the fuck are you talking about, I'm currently sitting in my 30C Berlin apartment, it was 28 last night so I couldn't get to cool down my place AT ALL and the temps are just climbing and climbing, to about 42C today.
I can't fucking move my index finger without sweating like a freak, and the last two nights I slept with a wet towel as a blanket and icepacks underneath.
No, I don't have AC, yes, I'm renting, and no, I don't have money or space for a fucking PortaSplit, and they are sold out anyways.
Can't even get a fucking fan.
I have a fan, it's basically circulating hot air so I could breathe, as for cooling efficiency, it might as well be a fuckin' hair dryer.
In about 10 minutes I will have another cold shower, at this point I don't give a fuck about water consumption anymore, it's 31 C inside the house, I'm in full survival mode.
That's fucked mate.
As an Aussie I can empathize with hot weather, but does it get that like that a lot there?
Even though it gets like that here most summers, it's still shit.
But if you're not used to it or have houses built for the cold that's that doubly shit.
It used to be rare here, but it’s becoming more common the last few years, and it’s only June, no doubt July and August will break these temperature records againPetah can you give me money to buy balls
Meme needing explanation
r/PeterExplainsTheJoke - Mom can you give me money?
Yeeees, ice-cream ligraboa
u/Bitter-Celery2606, your post does belong here!
Look up Ganzfeld experiment
org/wiki/Ganzfeld_experiment"
By taping halved ping pong balls over your eyes (to create a uniform field of light), shining a red light on them, and listening to static (white noise) through headphones, you remove structured sensory input.
This mild sensory deprivation forces your brain to generate its own stimuli, frequently causing vivid hallucinations"
I forget that this was a real thing and not something made up for Zero Escape
When did it happen in Zero Escape?
It's literally the entire plot of the first one lol
There's only one Zero Escape and that's the second game.
The trilogy is collectively called the Zero Escape series though
if you read the linked Wikipedia article you'll understand, but the quoted text has nothing to do with zero escape
Seeing Zero Escape mentioned in the big 2026 brings a tear to my eye.
ZERO ESCAPE MENTIONED IN THE BIG 26?
God i love those stupid games
I played Zero Escape and don't remember this at all.
Did this once, can confirm it does cause hallucinations.
Didn’t like what I saw though, so didn’t repeat it
How ominous, thank you!
It wasn’t “true to life” images, more like shapes and outlines forming in your otherwise-blank vision.
But I saw skulls and demonic figures.
As I wasn’t high I knew that I was in no danger, but it concerned me that that was what my psyche was conjuring.
How long did it take to happen?
It was probably at least a decade ago, so the specifics aren’t there.
I’d say within 10-20 minutes though
It was probably at least a decade …
We are all but hallucinations of Captain Phobos
Guys, I just had the weirdest dream!
I also chose that guys hallucinations.
Longer than you think, Dad!
Longer than you think!
Thank you, might check it out and see what demons I’m repressing lol
Yes I would like to know this also
To be honest I think its probably more to do with mix of sense of slight panic, stress from the stimulations and fear of unknown than anything related your deep thoughts.
Similar to how sleep paralysis can induce any sort of hallucination but vast majority of them end up being nightmarish due to fear from not being able to move your body.
That’s the thing, I had read up on the Ganzfeld experiment previously so knew what it would entail, and was doing it alongside my (now-) wife in our bedroom.
So not a stressful situation in the slightest
Even then I wouldnt read too much into it.
Our brain can go from happy to miserable with the smallest thing.
Let's just occam's razor this: demons want to kill him
Having no sensory input is stressful as hell to your brain.
We're not talking about your knowledge or the location you couldn't see lmao
I was growing mushrooms for a while and eating way too many way too often and the reason I stopped was because eventually all I started seeing was skulls.
I figured that was my brain trying to tell me to knock it off.
Man don't you hate it when the drugs tell you to stop doing drugs
You gotta respect your drugs
Someone on here once said they took dmt daily and eventually the machine elves told them to chill out
I get the same thing but without sensory deprivation.
I use it to get to sleep.
I just observe the ghouls and monsters until they stop appearing, which means I am fully relaxed.
Are your eyes open while the ping pong halves are over them?
Yes, you have your eyes open.
The white base of the table tennis ball blocks out external sights, whilst making a field of red light from the red light globe used.
Add in the white noise and it all adds to the sensory deprivation that brings on the hallucinations
There's an app called lumenate which do a similar thing I think.
It basically use the flash on your phone as a strobe light.
You sit in a dark room, head phones on (theres soothing music), eyes closed and you put your phone close to your eyes with the flash facing yourself.
I was skeptical at first but I have to say i saw some pretty cool visuals, very much like I was tripping, incredibly relaxing, and I've done the real stuff before back in my days, this is less 'messy', when you are done (after about 10min) you are done, no need to wait till you get sober.
Sounds like it is utilising a very similar method.
Definitely cleaner than using substance to induce it though!
Can I just say this is the first time in a long time that the post in this sub where the answer was something technical and not dip-shittery or tom-fuckery.
I prefer the term "dip-fuckery"
Does it work?
Yes but like not like tripping?
I saw gravestones and heard planes taking off.
“ I am gonna do this experiment to see the inside of my mind!”
“ O no why does it sounds like an ICU and there penises everywhere”
Sister-in-law let her daughter use up all the Polaroids at our wedding.
Now we have nothing to use.
For our wedding, at each table we had 2 Polaroid cameras for everyone to take photos on (we had a professional photographer too, but these were for more personal photos between our guests) and there was a clear glass dropbox for everyone to drop them in and we'd have that dropbox on display in our house.
Unbeknownst to us, my sister-in-law let her daughter (6 years old) go round every table at the very start of the night using up all the photos on each camera.
Now we only have around 10 we can actually keep, and over 100 of just random shit that are not worth keeping at all.
I'm all for keeping kids occupied at something they can easily get bored at, but not at the expense of that though.
You should make up an album of all the photos and sent it to the sister in law.
With a bill for those polaroids.
This right here is the way because that is EXPENSIVE (I had a Fujifilm Instax.
Those 10 shot carts ain't cheap in any way shape or form)
The fujifilms are a lot cheaper than polaroids too
I have a polaroid and 10 photos are 20 euros.
The missed memmories are a much bigger loss.
If you make it about money you ignore the fact that the mother ruined something that never can be replaced.
Give it to her for her best birthday.
That’s a great idea, SIL gets the album of shit Polaroids for her next birthday or Christmas,
Whichever comes first
better even, space them out and gift them over the next few birthdays and christmases.
How many cameras were there?
This could go on for birthdays and christmases for a good ten years
op said "over 100 of random shit" so if we take 5 to 10 for each occasion.
See what your (enter appropriate adjective here) daughter made!
I'm sure you meant "next" birthday, but I like 'best birthday' better haha
Pretty sure she will be proud of it.
People like this never see their own problems.
This is why you dont tell her who took the photos until after she starts complaining, people like that rarely remember the shitty things they did to other people, so you wait for the "wtf is this?
Why tf do i want shity photos like this?
And then hit her with "oh but I thought youd like to see your daughter's photography skills from my wedding, im sorry you dont think shes good with a camera, we all just thought youd love them since you encouraged her to take them"
It is not like they don’t remember.
It is that they flat out deny it.
She can’t do no wrong in her eyes.
Everyone else is the problem.
“What school did you go to”
“Bismarck State College”
“Fuuuuuuuck okay okay uhhhh uhhhh fuuuuuck”
Want a burger to go maybe?"
just shoot me man get it over with
“I’m doing you a favor honestly”
He spent 3 hours the night before making her chocolate hat and marshmellow gown so now its going to waste
“Yeah actually Niels, run up the fryer again and get another to-go box ready”"
There's two million in the restaurant safe, just take it and go."
cape kino make me
Chef did nothing wrong.
tbh if i served a conceptual breadless bread plate and some finance bros demanded gluten i would also burn the restaurant down
cape kino make me
Hence my other comment below.
His rant on going to see a shitty movie on his one day off is exactly how I feel about Matrix Resurrections
cape kino make me
I haven't actually seen resurrections because I heard it wasn't very good, but I also heard it not being good was the point?
Like it was supposed to be lily giving the finger to WB for trying to squeeze more blood out of the stone?
Yes, its a wonderful trainwreck of a spite film
It gave me Carrie Ann Moss as Leather Motorcycle Ninja which was all I really wanted anyway
I got the strong impression within the first 10-15 minutes or so that they didn't want to make it and resented me watching it - so I stopped.
I mean the first 10-15 minutes of the movie was pretty much a whole-ass manifesto about how she didn't want to make the movie but the studio basically forced her hand.
I thought it was hilarious that that's the reason he was going to die
Saw a fellow service industry worker - let them stay for the show and 86'd the elaborate, personalized murder.
He was professional, he had class, and he didn't need a rat hidden under his ridiculous hat to help him prepare the meals.
Just his suicidal/homicidal loyal staff.
It's one of the most widely relatable and sincerely wholesome post-Apatow comedies, for sure.
Why are there only 100px gifs in this bitch?
I worked in a kitchen for a while and honestly I totally get where he's coming from.
My only problem with the chef is that he's so violently cynical of his art because of the very environment he crafted for himself.
He could have chosen to run a local family bistro serving accessible meals to a level community who could come to love him.
My family would go to a local Italian joint every few weeks and we knew the wait staff and chefs by name, and they knew us too.
I saw the head chef boot people out because they were treating his staff shitty and the rest of the restaurant was happy to see them go.
I get that the whole thing is a metaphor for the entire food service industry's dream revenge for shit customers, but to have it channeled through a chef who hates the bullshit culture he cooks for and yet is so snooty about food as to found his own island cult where they make everything themselves is so on the nose and antithetical to the craft of food that I had trouble enjoying the film.
Because it wasn't just about being a chef, it was the desire to be the best chef, the desire to improve, and what the reality in succeeding in that journey results in.
It's as much about the downsides of success in your passion as it is anything else.
Значок профиля за достижение Автор из топ-1% Автор из топ-1%
What about the Aladeen news
Wow, this was such a viscerally upsetting image to scroll past.
The very adult face and full-on mullet on the tiny body would have been enough probably but the caption really seals the deal
The face of Hollywood Icon Richard Evans on baby Haley Joel Osment's body.
with one of the best Walker, Texas Ranger quotes ever!
Star of Never Been Kissed
What movie is this?
I feel like this whole post is a setup just for this delivery
This movie has been circulating and killing ever since
I hear after you watch it, the phone rings and a voice says, "Sa da tay in seven days," and then seven days later, you find yourself feeling generally unamused and a little bored while watching a motion picture.
Anyone answered you seriously but it’s called the menu
It’s those newfangled moving pictures that they’re showing in nickelodeons, they’ll never catch on
ПоделитьсяThe 4 horsemen of "The new Supergirl is ugly"
r/okbuddycinephile - The 4 horsemen of "The new Supergirl is ugly"
Let me call a buddy of mine he is an expert on how women are supposed to look.
No I’ve never talked with a woman other than my mother why do you ask
Did she have nice soft cuddly elbows that ruined you for all other women?
What the actual fuck is that subreddit.
Scrolled for 30 seconds and got flashed banged with “4.
It's one of the saddest subreddit's I think
I don’t understand why you’d post on there.
Putting yourself on the internet is already strange enough, but then to ask to be bullied by neck beards is kinda crazy.
How many of them are bots?
I honestly think posting there is this weird form of self harm, like cutting.
I used to peruse there just to see the craziness, but I think the raters are folks salivating to tear down literally anyone for anything, even if they have to make up a backstory for the poster, and the posters are mentally ill.
I’m a crisis counselor and this seems quite plausible based on things I’ve heard that are very similar.
I’ve seen a person who would take the worst photos of themselves and just look at them for self harm.
I'm convinced of it and it's why I never went back there.
Because literally no one gets a positive response, and if you peruse at all there you can see that - you are literally asking for people to find any way they can to insult you, not just physically but again in other ways by making up backstories for you.
How many of them are actually the person submitting themselves though?
I don’t know a single woman who would voluntarily submit themselves to that audience.
More likely that it’s dudes pulling photos off tinder of women (who may or may not have rejected them) to make themselves feel better
They do a small verification thing it seems.
The last photo is them holding a name of the sub reddit.
They rated an actual model 6/10, wtf
that sub feels weird
That's because it is weird.
Some unique specimens in there.
5 then I have to be a fucking -10 wtf.
See, I'm a New York 5 which is a Wyoming 9, but a Los Angeles 4.
It's a sliding scale that's more difficult than maritime commodities pricing.
Which one rates asymmetry extremely bad while giving the extremely asymmetrical Ian Somersomething as a prime specimen of peak beauty?
He has uneven brows, two different eye shapes, his nose is wonky, his teeth have different colours, his smile is crooked, his ears placed differently, uneven hairline, his jaw is heavier on one side.
and I can go on, but he is set as one of the top rating males.
Is that were looksmaxxing came from?
Cosplaying as a steampunk Django.
I want to hate him but his mustache is too good.
Saw Supergirl last night.
I left the theater feeling really happy and loving it.
Then I remembered I hate women and can’t have original thoughts, so now I hate it
r/okbuddycinephile - Saw Supergirl last night.
I left the theater feeling really happy and loving it.
Then I remembered I hate women and can’t have original thoughts, so now I hate it
Нельзя добавлять новые комментарии.
Bro you had to remember you hate women?
You're obviously not hating on all cylinders.
Maybe one is stuck in an m&m tube
What would even be the point, now that the woke libs took away the green m&m's stripper shoes?
Can't even goon to candy mascots.
What happened to this country?
apparantly raised some quitters.
Imma goon to the M&M, shoes or not, just to own the libs and for no other reason at all.
He’s not misogynymaxxing enough
Well sure, he's on reddit.
If he truly hated women in his heart of hearts, he'd spend all day on the Steam discussion forums.
But you watched the movie, so your opinion doesn't matter.
Only people who haven't seen the movie can be unbiased.
«This could’ve been an email» ah gif
Please sir, can I have some more pixels sir?
Such wisdom, I must remember this next time I think of watching a movie.
Yeah, it's like equivalent of how writers who haven't read the source material decide to write the script for an adaptation.
Yuck, you saw a movie?
I can legitimately feel a sense of revolsion.
I'm finding it hard to swallow my own spit right now
I honestly don't know what is happening to this sub.
So many people just openly saying that they watch movies, like that's normal.
there's no sense of shame anymore.
Goddammit, if you've got to be a deviant at least keep it for yourself.
Еще 2 ответаThis is why live action of animated shows never work
r/SipsTea - This is why live action of animated shows never work
I have had it with these motherfucking fire benders on this motherfucking airship!”
“And when the motherfuckers needed him most.
Now describe to me what Appa looks like!""
Does he look like a bitch?"
“He’s too dangerous to be left alive!”
“I don’t remember askin’ you a God Damn thing!”
Mother fckin firelord I'll take away your fckin bending.
Значок профиля за достижение Автор из топ-1% Автор из топ-1%
xD Season 2 was worse than Season 1 and they destroyed so much of the original plot and characters.
I have my watched it yet, how bad.
I heard they have the earth bender prison it was land, which seems really stupid.
I can understand why the original creators left.
TF, they remake the shyamalan prison?
And all characters have now different behaviours not like the anime.
I have dissapointed on Toph a lot.
I couldn't get past episode 2.
It was just awful.
What are you talking about?
Do you think Stewart could pull the character of Aang off?
Edit: I had to fix my drunk ass grammar.
Why tf does my autocorrect keep turning greed to freedom?
Greedo, did shoot first in this instance
It knows that, in truth, we are all just envious of the frog's brainless freedom
Because AI is in the autocorrect now, and it has become significantly worse.
Changes properly spelled words to simpler more "common" ones.
I'm getting capitalized words infused mid sentence.
It's killing me slowly
frogs and toads are some gluttonous mofos.
i have 2 toads at home and i wanted to see how much they would eat.
the fucker ate nearly 100 superworms.
im not even sure wher he stored them
I think it's his smug demeanor that offends me the most.
a succulent Chinese meal?”
“Get your hands off my penis!”
Are you here to receive my limp penis?
This is a democracy manifest
Are yes I see you know your judo well
Never fails to amuse me
Have a look at the headlock here.
What did the frog intend to do with the bird?
I don't think eating it is an option.
Is this because the frog thought it could, so it did?
Frogs don't think, just eat.
Or maybe the bird was eating its babies
Can I check that source?
Hold the lube, we're goin' in dry
There’s ALWAYS time for lubricant!
Your Romulon is showing
I cannot remember the last time my lol was literal from reading a Reddit comment.
A lot of people need to add your citation to their posts
That doesn’t sound right but I trust his ass.
Frogs don't think, just eat
Thats how you navigate life
If it moves and it doesn't immediately look big enough to eat the frog, a frog will try to eat it.
Most likely saw the bird's head move while the rest of the body was just floating by, and the three braincells frogs have for distinguishing suitable prey determined that the bird's head was food-sized.
A 10cm frog will try to eat your finger, too, if you hold your hand and arm still, and just move your finger.
Source: there are a lot of frogs here.
I often see them try to eat all kinds of stuff.
Very "try to eat first", figure out if it's actually food later" kind of animals.
Pelicans do the same thing
When will the frog let go?
Sometimes immediately (if the thing it grabbed was spiky or tasted absolutely vile), after a few minutes of trying to wrestle it into submission (if they didn't manage to get it down and it didn't hurt them, either), or potentially never (it's not very rare for frogs to get something stuck in their mouth too well and drown/suffocate/starve, which could have been the fate of our video frog, too).
They might also grab a beetle, immediately spit it out (hard and bitter), then after three seconds notice motion again, go into targeting mode, and try to eat the exact same beetle again.
Frog see motion, frog lock in on motion, if it looks like it might fit, frog try to eat it.
Subscribe to frog facts
I saw a video a couple weeks ago of a frog trying to eat its own arm.
It was a pet frog, and the owner was having a hell of a time pulling the arm back out of its mouth.
Maybe the bird has been harassing him for months and he finally was sorting it out until the uncalled for human interference
I have a niece who has a million replies and amphibians and stuff, and from what she's said about frogs, they are insanely stupid.
Not only will they try to eat things that aren't food, she has one that wouldn't eat actual food.
Like she had to open its mouth and put the food in it, because the thing would just not bother.
I don't know how they're still around but they are.
If you have enough babies some of them will live long enough to breed I suppose
Summary of the human history
Yes, if you compare a frog to some of the smarter snakes or lizards, it feels like you're comparing a 2 month old child to an engineering PhD graduate.
I've noticed that too.
Once my bedroom was in a former utility room whose former dryer outlet was still exposed to the outside and occasionally a frog would jump into my bedroom from the open pipe.
Fair enough if they jump on me once if they're sort of dull.
But one time they jumped on me and then realizing they were on a living being tried to jump off of me and then bounced off of the wall and back on to my leg.
Whereas currently I live in a placed where lizards occasionally crawl into and can't find their way out of.
But at least they are smart enough to not crawl on me during the night.
If something that moves could, maybe, with terrible judgement, fit into a frogs mouth, they WILL try to eat it.
Bull frogs try to eat (swallow) whatever fit in their mouth.
And it's not uncommon the prey are bigger than they can handle and end up killing the frog
So the evolutionary advantage to this is when they can eat it and survive they grow big and strong and have lots of offspring?
Yes, they try to eat everything, lots of eggs at a time, most don't survive, but the cycle continues
Not a very good one, but I am one.
This would make me fill my wetsuit with something that looks like the sediment.
Getting suctioned like that into the ocean depths and not knowing if/when it will stop?
Will you be disoriented?
If you come up will the boat find you?
They dont look super deep but thats almost worse to get thrown against the coral.
Dont shit if your wet suit…
theyre called wet suits for a reason.
When you dive, you carry a “sausage” which is a long bright red inflatable tube.
When you surface, if you’re far away from your boat, you inflate the sausage so the boat can spot you and come to you.
(Also you start swimming to the boat.)
Well shit, I've been using my sausage wrong this whole time!
Your sausage is too small, babe.
A well equipped diver might.
A good captain might require them.
I’d say in my 200 dives, other than on excursions that explicitly require them, less than 25% of divers carry an SMB.
So only peeing in it is allowed?
What about leaving your pride inside?
Shit in my dry suit, got it.
That's not just silt they're stirring up.
Is there a word for the oceanic version of a gust of wind?
This would be an excellent opening scene of a horror/action movie
You guessed it, …
And what Oscar is Zendaya going to take playing in it?
Best Actress in a Supporting Role in a Shark Based Earthquake Movie.
Who brought these sharks, in the motherfuckin ocean?
But, hear me out, what if it’s a a Tsunami of Sharkquakes?
*In an underwater world of serene beauty, only one man, Bret Cheststroke, understands that only the smallest earthquake may unleash millions of years of previously contained super sharks who can body surf the resulting Tsunami to wipe out humanity on the beaches.
Sooner than you think.
people would argue it wouldn't be like that.
It do be like that sometimes.
Second Happy Encounteroo!
Why am I the only one who thinks this is the safest place barring a tsunami?
They are literally in jello with no buildings to fall on them?
I'd argue flying in a plane would be safer.
Until you need to land on that tsunami-wrecked airport.
helicopter it is then.
“You see, when Obamna was only 18 years old, I was older than him when I was his age, that makes me so much better than him”
Type of shit soldier from tf2 would say
Soldier doesn’t deserve that disrespect.
Soldier has severe lead poisoning.
trump is just like that
I know it's off topic, but your comment reminded me of a childhood memory.
My dad: oh, so it's your birthday?
When I was your age I was 11!
[repeat this convo every year, and for all of his children, until we were all well into our 30s]
That may be one of the worst, if not the worst, dad joke I’ve ever heard.
A military uniform on a man who never served.
Dunno why more people didnt bring this up.
wtf is trump doing wearing that?
He went to a military style boarding school.
It's pretty much a costume.
Like something a drum major would wear in a parade.
Yes, thank you for putting "style", it is an important distinction.
Too many people think he went to a military university like the USMA.
Is that the school where the teacher said he was the dumbest student he ever had or was that a different school
Yeah I remember reading something about that The whole reason he went to boarding school is because he couldn't handle private normal school.
Military boarding schools aren't for the best and brightest.
Tbh I always just assumed they were for the worst
Well let me put my experience in as an actual navy nuclear engineer submarine veteran.
Our nuclear school is in South Carolina famous for being near The Citadel Military Academy.
Those are TRUE military pipeline schools and college age.
Trump's getting his ages wrong.
The boarding schools are what I remember some of the ROTC high schooler kids cosplayed as military at my university in California.
Those little shits were not of the same caliber as The Citadel college age folks and would certainly not qualify with the shit grades they often had.
The Citadel was an actual military pipeline college meaning you need college level acceptance grades but got commissions as officers coming out.
Easy street because I believe you don't need to go to officer "daycare" bootcamp.
Well not really easy street I just got to go to regular college.
And officer bootcamp is like a day spa.
That was his University professor where his dad's money got him into one of the most prestigious business schools in the world.
Thought, a lot of his high school teachers then would probably come out and admit to that now if most of them weren't already dead.
Which btw its a high school.
Why the fuck is he saying he’s 20 years old while still in high school?
According to the book “Lucky Loser,” that wasn’t even his uniform.
He borrowed it from another student who had more accolades when it was time to take pictures.
I think he went to a military boarding school?
Being sent to military school is usually a sign you’re not doing too hot in normal school…
it’s usually a punishment to get your shit in order.
Next you'll be telling me that cognitive tests aren't assigned to the most intelligent people.
Yeah, according to to the internet that's a photo of him at 17.
He was sent to NY Military Academy because his parents thought he was such a little shit and they didn't have time for him.
So now he's trying to lie about military "experience", or his brain is so mushy he thought this was him in the military.
What is he even tryna prove here?"
I was rich af and Obama was poor and we both ended up as US presidents"
Obama grew up in a pretty nice family, no?
Edit: (nice as in middle-class with a very loving parental figure who was a much better role model for a kid than Trump's scumbag parents)
trump probably thinks he was poor
Probably thinks everyone gets 100 million from daddy.
What we know:
Fred Trumps tax records show Donald as a millionaire by age 8 and Donald began "earning" 200k a year at age 3
Donald's first large deal out of college was a 70 million dollar construction loan in which Hyatt hotels and Fred Trump each assumed 50% of the collateral and guaranteed they would finish the project if Donald failed in his obligations.
(You know a normal deal any starting business man would get)
Fred Trump setup trust funds for each of his children and grandchildren valued at roughly 4mil each at thier times of maturity."
All County Building Supply" a business setup and ran by Donald and his siblings sold Fred Trump AC units and various supplies for his rental properties well above what would be a reasonable markup.
An investigation by the Wall Street Journal claimed this funneled roughly 1 billion of Fred's wealth to Donald and his siblings while avoiding inheritance tax which would have been roughly 55% at the time.
There were multiple documents made public from his casino days that he owed his father approx 14 mil in "loans" that were never shown to have been repaid
Along with the "loans" there was an instance of a "cash infusion" where Fred purchased 3.
5mil in chips and never played or intended to play.
This ultimately lead to roughly 50k in gaming violation fines but ultimately the casino was allowed to keep the money.
In Fred's later years Donald and his siblings managed his estate.
They massively under evaluated his properties, and assets to pay less taxes.
They also turned around over evaluated properties for loans.
Donald later did the same trick with his properties and some of these instances lead to the famous fraud cases in new york in which he was found guilty of 30 felony counts of fraud.
He then somehow convinced the public he is innocent and this was all a witch hunt.
Even though the evidence (to me and at least the jury and the appeals court) was beyond a reasonable doubt.
Lets not forget in 2016 he argued he knew the taxcode better than anyone and vowed to close all the loopholes he used "legally" to not pay any federal taxes for years.
He also called Hillary stupid for paying 1 million in taxes saying who throws 1 million dollars away.
TLDR: Without Fred's money there would be no Donald Trump.
also the taxes the Trumps avoided was more than the totality of savings allegedly provided by DOGE
Hard to do with the tsunami of corruption from that amoebic scourge.
This is all great, But Fred junior "Donalds Father" was born into a wealthy family.
You might want to research Donald Trumps Grandfather Fred.
Fred Senior, was the patriarch in the family, and amast a fortune " before his son Fred junior was born.
Fred senior migrated from Kalistadt in Bavaria, Germany.
Immigrated to the US at the age of 16 to avoid compulsory military service.
He made a fortune during the Klondike Gold Rush.
He operated a store and brothel during the Klondike Gold Rush.
After the Gold Rush he moved his family to Germany temporarily, but then had to move his young family to New York City after the Bavarian authorities revoked his citizenship.
The Trump grift is to borrow against their own properties.
They buy a property, over assess the value of the property, ask the bank for a tax free loan, and live off the proceeds, less property taxes, property repairs, etc.
I mean when daddy essentially gives you the equivalent of 400 million that long ago im sure that warps your perspective of things.
i mean to any sane person workign yourself up form poverty to president would be more impressive than working yourself down from getting moeny fro mdaddy to bankrupcy buuuuuut.
its trump posting this so.
There's an old interview with Ivanka describing her dad referring to a homeless person as having more than he did because of the debt he held.
Not even upper middle class.
So I wouldn't say Obama grew up "poor", but not anywhere near rich or ultrarich like Trump grew up.
Well he went to the private school I did, Punahou so he was doing ok.
My friend's parents live next to the house his mother owned in Kalihi.
Another commenter here says he attended the private school on scholarship.
Yes, Obama had to pay it off by doing manual labor like bussing tables in the cafeteria at Punahou during lunch.
That kind of thing used to be common for kids on scholarship at private schools.
Dude what the fuck.
That's basically hazing your scholarship kids.
Imagine how looked down on you'd get having to clean up after all the wealthy kids just to be in the school.
kitten ate can of tuna for human consumption and is now lethargic
left a can of mostly finished tuna on the counter and came home to find it licked clean so he obviously ate the oils and tiny bits left.
he can still move around and drink water but everything he does is sluggish and does this look like laboured breathing here?
taking him to the vet very soon but is there anything else i can do in the meantime?
2 months old kitten, not neutered yet as he’s very young.
Welcome to the folks from r/all, please oh please we beg we pray, take a quick peek at our rules before you comment!
Thanks for showing up to help the cattos of the world!
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically.
Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
He may have just pigged out and his body is figuring out what to do with "real food" for the first time.
com/r/CATHELP/s/JIaqH4qYfY
Let him sleep it off and make sure he has plenty of water.
He's napping and lazy just like any of us after a delicious feast.
That's what I'm like after a succulent Chinese meal
I have no fucking clue what’s going on here lol
I’m so happy to share this with you
This is democracy manifest!
v 5-tNgFGFTqo and this with you
Get your hand off my penis!
You have to google or whatever search for the video.
Got introduced to it 4-5 years ago by some Aussie friends.
This is Democracy Manifest!
Ah yes, I see you know your Judo well!
Take your hand off my penis!
That’s just how we speak in Tucson, Arizoña
Right in front of my succulent Chinese meal?
Bbs tuna drunk, my cat sleeps for ages after his tuna lol
Little bro just ate 10% his body weight.
You’d be sleepy to after a 15lbs steak
So my cat (void boy) is prone to UTI's basically anytime his 98% stress free living gets a touch of stress, and rather than him peeing on things we will put him in a large crate and I will usually give him canned unsalted/low sodium salmon or tuna with water added to make him consume liquid.
So far the canned fish has only ever improved his health, and clears up any UTIs within hours.
So your kitty is probably going to pee a couple times, but other than that I would say they're perfectly fine.
It's never upset my cats tummies or anything, and they just love the stuff.
I also want to add: you say in your post it was a mostly finished can of tuna, and it seems a lot of people replying to you are assuming the tiny cat ate a full can of tuna.
The dregs of tuna left over in your can won't be enough to do much of anything to the kitten.
Basically this tiny baby just adjusted off Mama's milk and has been adapting to kibble, and now that kibble is adapted to, the switch to a richer meat is probably going to give Kitty maybe gas or stomach irritation, or diarrhea at worst.
You're a good cat parent for being so concerned but I promise you this cat is going to eat more alarming things and brush it off like nothing.
I watched my two month-old cat consume a mouse my other cat brought him, as we tried to wrestle it away because I had never seen a cat actually eat a mouse.
Kitten got most of the mouse down its hatch before we could intervene with higher quality food, and frankly he was pretty pleased with himself for the rest of the day as I recall, if a little extra terrorist-y.
98% stress free life made me laugh!
My Dobby kitty is currently hiding in his "safe box" in my closet because I took the shower head off to clean it, making lots of noise.
I will spend the rest of the weekend making it up to him and making amends for my terrible behavior.
I feel your pain if I’m late home from work, I’m in trouble with my two girls.
After a holiday it takes days for a cuddle, even though I get a cat sitter!
update: he’s back home and doing normal cat things again.
vet didn’t prescribe him anything as he became much more active in the short span of time we got him there
Ah, classic case of the "oh this tastes great, oh no I ate too much".
Happens to me more often than I'd like to admit
I love that that's all it was.
No emergency, just a plumpy, exhausted kitty.
Baby's First Food Coma
Poor fella just had a case of the meat sweats
Also none as “The Itis”
Might also have had the shits after that oily treat.
They have tuna cans in water too.
so he obviously ate the oils and tiny bits left
“And I’d do it again”
In fact will do it again"
It’s happening to me right now, our little kitten at home is a gremlin when I fill his bowl, so bad he makes himself sick, so very possible impulse control could be a problem, more so he over eats!
My (Maybe edited this out) baby boy is a greedy git like that.
More dog than cat, nothing is safe from his predations.
We have changed so many things we do around the house to stop it.
Pig cat is what he gets called.
No trouble with the other two cats.
If he doesn't end up killing himself by eating something he shouldn't I will be amazed.
Your cat sounds like my lab.
I have no clue how I wound up in the cat sub but I'm glad OP's cat is okay and I'm sorry you also deal with this.
I pray your kitty doesn't bring you the vet bills my lab has.
(My husband accidentally left out trail mix with m&m's and raisins a month ago.
Imagine having 3 of those
I had to get a lick mat for my cat because she DEVOURED her food so fast that she wouldn’t realize she’s full.
The lick mat forced her to slow down and let her stomach catch up.
We did something similar with slow feeder bowls to slow them down, our little gavone is only…
2 months old and he eats like he’s never seen food before when I fill our cats bowls.
He’s definitely more like a dog, our other 3 nibble throughout the day, he would eat a bowl and a half at times, once we got him the feeder he slowed down…
though I do miss his post devouring food coma snuggling lol
He never got sick or unwell, just eat alot, then climbs onto my lap and snoozes for a few, my gf just can’t figure out why I’m HIS human lol
I had a long haired black cat that loved Doritos.
Well husband left an almost full family bag next to couch, just rolled shut.
We were out and came home to a half orange cat, half into bag of Doritos, moaning because he ate too many.
No cell phones, wish we had them to take a pic- back end black, front orange.
He was ok the next day before we could call the vet.
He never did that again.
I once woke up to one of my cats lapping up a cup of melted vanilla ice cream and thought nothing of it until a few minutes later when she projectile vomited all over the place.
My dad having to take a nap after Thanksgiving.
It was good of you to take him!
False alarms are better than tragedy.
I’m glad your kitty is ok!
Not sure if your tuna had salt or not, but I always avoid giving my animals food that has salt in it or really any seasoning.
So if I cook them chicken or salmon or something, it is always plain.
Especially cats, they always get kidney & blood pressure problems.
this is great news.
but try to discourage him from playing with wires, or you risk posting here again, for a different reason
Did the vet still charge you a billion dollars?
You know they did that was atleast a over 100 trip
No more canned tuna is the prescription
Problem is every time you open one for yourself you know your going to be mugged by 'The Tuna Bandit'
Little homie caught the meat sweats.
dude greedy little shit is going to be fine BUT watch out for the turd that's gonna stank out that cat box cause it's coming
Speaking from experience, I see.
it's been a long time but my mom always had cats and I am an avid tuna eater.
only time they'd show up en mass was when I opened a packet.
they would always crap like you wouldn't believe after tuna.
I can't imagine what a tiny cat who got into an entire can by itself is gonna release
He just ate too much, cats and dogs aren't like people who stop eating when they're full, they will keep eating as long as they can.
Y’all stop eating when you’re full?
“My human ate an entire turkey on thanksgiving and now he’s acting lethargic, should I be worried”
Make sure he drinks enough water"
I turned on the tap but he just turned it off again"
No but first time seeing one human eat a whole turkey"
Are you sure it was a turkey or just a chicken"
I'm pretty sure it was a turkey"
Can we get a picture of the turkey?"
Why is this subreddit banned?
Reddit bans abandoned subs
Bros got the meat sweats.
Hes gonna be alright just make sure to give him some water and time to rest
And get ready for the stinkiest shit you’ve ever smelt in your life
Might not be a bad idea to clear the runway and tidy up his rear end with some clippers.
If that canned stuff had any amount of oil in it, it's going to be a mess and I promise, speaking from experience, you'll be thankful for any preventative sanitary measures you take, OP lol
I have a cat that does that daily, no matter what I feed her.
2 pretty standard poopers.
It's unpleasant like cat shit is.
The third kitty has poops that smell like burning rubber and hair inside a soiled diaper chucked up in one of those infomercial rotisserie cookers.
I've never smelled brimstone but I've got a good idea what it's like
Make sure the kitten has fresh water.
Too much sodium can cause dehydration.
Exactly what I thought, sooo much sodium.
Salt is not their friend.
OP, we can help you a bit better if you post the ingredients on the can.
I wouldn't trust our comments like we're vets, but we're caring here and we can help you get an idea of the chances of salt poisoning.
That's the biggest threat here.
I think the chances of any other problem are pretty low.
If the kitten drinks enough water and the symptoms go away, I think they will be okay, but cats aren't known for being very thirsty.
Sometimes they naturally don't like to drink much water and you may need a vet to intervene and give them the proper fluids.
Too much salt in human canned tuna.
Cats kidneys take a hit
Some brands add extra salt, some don't.
When did he eat the tuna?
The same day this vid was taken or?
Maybe lay off on it for a while, I know if they get a hold of it it has the chance to cause an upset tummy, so look out for some potential vomiting and diarrhea.
But otherwise it looks like your cutie is just sleepy after having the best dinner of his little life.
But I think he will most likely be ok!
You’ve got cats that fiend for and munch up pizza crusts like it’s nothing and they’re still kicking, I think your little guy will be a-ok.
He just looks tired cuz his teeny body is digesting all that protein that’s almost as big as him
probably like 30 mins ago.
unfortunately this was his first experience with canned food.
so far i only feed him kibble formulated for kittens
Oh yeah lmaooo, he’s just digesting, imagine if you ate a meal that was basically a fourth of your body weight, just monitor him for diarrhea, also you can call the vet for things like this!
My vet clinic will answer basic questions like this so you don’t have to do a costly vet visit.
Also oml, I remember when my girl looked like this, just a little fuzzball that was so sleepy all the time, I hope he grows up nicely!
He got them meat sweats
Kitty's in a food coma!
Your cat will be fine.
My cats eat canned albacore as as a treat 3x a week since they were 10 weeks old, now they are big and fluffy.
In the wild they eat real food, what they hunt, not canned manufactured sludge or cereal pebbles.
Homeless cats by the beach hunt fish.
Just to mention (ask your vet about his the next time you go) in general for cats canned (wet) food is much better for them.
Ideally close to 90-100% wet canned food (as far as I know human tuna is probably even better than normal cat food but ask your vet).
But at least 50% wet canned food.
If you really cannot afford that, then make sure you add water to the kibble.
Cats normally eat relatively high protein high moisture meat and tissue that is not that similar to dry kibble.
That baby is purring and trying to digest the best meal he’s ever had.
He just ate the caloric equivalent of a 200 layer sandwich that scooby doo would down like a champ.
Give him a fresh bowl of water and give him some head scritches, he’s gonna get through this.
Little food coma
His first food coma ️
Can you show us a picture of the can of tuna so we can see the ingredients?
If there was a great deal of salt or other ingredients, you may need to take her to the vet for salt toxicity.
They can only handle a little bit of salt.
Too much, and they can have serious problems leading to systemic dysfunction and even death.
Monitor her carefully for vomiting, lack of coordination, muscle tremors and even seizure.
Lethargy and depression ("sluggish") are symptoms on the list of salt toxicity.
So you are correct to be concerned.
Provide PLENTY of fresh clean water AT ALL TIMES.
If she gets worse, vet immediately for fluids and treatment.
We're hoping for the best for you and kitty.
Post snack eepy kitty
You’ll have to name it Charlie after the star list tuna brand mascot.
Kitty going into food coma.
Tuna is just fine for cats, if it was ‘just” tuna and not the flavored kind.
just needs to sleep with a belly full.
Now tuna is not harmful for cats/however canned tuna for humans con contain at least 180 grams of sodium.
Most cats usally can’t intake more than about 42 for some very large cats.
While I wouldn’t say it would kill him.
But he definitely would like some water-and definitely don’t make it a habit/at least check how much sodium is in the human tuna before consumption.
If fed regularly it can cause some urinary tract blockages for the kitty.
this is like me after eating 3kg of steak
I have been sharing tuna with cats for decades.
The currently little bastard can't get enough tuna.
What you have is a tired cat sleeping off a food coma
I know the consensus is already that he's fine, and I agree (we often give our cat the finished can to clean out, and my dad used to give our old cats whole cans, which I disagree with).
One thing to note, that I'm not seeing in the comments that I've scrolled past, is that there's a chance of them cutting their tongue on the can, which can be deadly (they can't drink without a tongue).
They're usually pretty good at licking out cans, but if you notice anything odd after they have, be sure to check their tongue and get it looked at by a vet if there's any chance it's cut.
OP, my little baby went to the vet a couple of days ago and consumed about 5 churus during her exam and she then spent about 5 hours napping when she got home.
A very full belly makes them so sleepy.
Belly full, cat eepy
Little guys belly is all full of soup
I once ate 2 lbs of ham at T-giving and felt like shit for a day which pound for pound was about 1/3 what the cat ate.
How do you expect it to feel.
It’s gonna be fine once it processes.
I became this way after eatting too many potstickers one time.
After an hour of sitting curled up in a ball I was better
Раздел «Информация о сообществе»
i need help with my cat!
this is a community for all to ask about help for your cat and to answer questions!
опубликованных материала за неделю
No complaining about people who can’t afford a vet
No soapboxing or off topic debate
Breed questions are no longer allowed
No fake posts/karma farming
No pet trade/intentional cat breeding
Abnormal Vomit/Excreta
Spay/Neuter Question
Посмотреть всех модераторов
RAITAH for expecting a 19-year-old and 21-year-old to contribute financially?
5 years ago, my (M53) stepdaughter (now 19) started dating a boy who was 16.
My wife (F43) allowed him, on occasion, to spend the night.
When he wasn't allowed, he'd sneak in, hide in the closet, hide under the bed, or break into vacant apartments near us (he was arrested for trespassing).
(His home is 100 miles away)
If I'd give in and say he could stay one night and it would turn into 7.
My wife has zero ability to tell her daughter what to do.
After she graduated high school, she moved to another state, leaving him behind.
She told my wife she realized she would never get away from him if she stayed home and he would hold her back.
My greatest fear was that he would get her pregnant, he wouldn't be able to take care of her (he didn't graduate high school), and raising the baby would fall on me and my wife.
She came back home to get the rest of her stuff, and agreed to meet the guy to give each other their stuff back.
She told my wife, she "kept it strictly professional."
She returned to her new home, and after a month or two returned home.
In March, she told us she was pregnant and due in August.
We told her they couldn't live with us and he needed to get a job.
He said he couldn't get a job in this city without a place to stay.
So I gave them 30 days to save up and move out.
The deal was for 30 days and I wasn't going to do the dishes or take out the trash.
My stepdaughter said they can't save money because she's paying for her baby shower.
The dishes and trash sit for days at a time.
They both have jobs, and combined make at least 1000 a week.
My wife who told me they wouldn't be allowed to live here with the baby has now switched to, "I'm not kicking out my daughter and grandbaby."
I am struggling to pay the bills.
I work a full time job, have a small side hustle that pays 300 a month, and I do Instacart on one of my days off.
This week, I used two PTO days to do Instacart for rent.
I sold my plasma.
I still had to ask my parents for help.
I suggested that he applies to get on the lease, and then each of us contribute 150 a week to a fund for paying rent and bills.
My wife immediately rejected that and threatened to take them and move out.
She doesn't make enough to cover her expenses without me.
Hello, this post has made it to r/popular.
For anyone new here, please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our rules (in the sidebar and wiki) before commenting.
Remain civil and use the reporting feature for any activity you suspect is breaking the rules, including rude or derogatory language, bots, or AI use.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically.
Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
When did showers become these massive productions rather than being at someone's house with a few decorations, cake, drinks, some simple finger food, a few games and presents opened in front of the guests?
And you NEVER host your own shower.
That’s just rude.
I’d let your wife go ahead and move out with her daughter.
I was looking for this comment!
What bachelorette parties, weddings, baby showers, etc have morphed into over my lifetime is appalling.
Insisting on minimum amount spent for admittance to the wedding, thinking your guests should pay for your honeymoon and now living at home without contributing?
Might get downvoted but I feel like it's crass when couples now ask for money directly for their honeymoon.
I just give cash whenever I go to a wedding now, which they could use on their honeymoon, but there's something weird to me about brazenly saying "fund our vacation!"
Like I'd rather go on my own vacation, not pay for yours.
Threatening OP with a good time.
Let wife move out with them.
I'm wondering why he's staying married to the wife
Just have a cake and appetizers.
Why are we spending thousands on a baby shower?
I'm strapped for cash due to my cat being at the vet for for days and the last thing on my mind is spending money on anything I don't need to survive
In my day, a shower was a pot-luck affair and the mother to be was not expected to pay for anything.
If she said she was saving money for when the baby comes, that would be a much different story.
But this, this is absurd.
I hope your cat is or will be doing better.
I take him home tomorrow!
Pets are worth spending money on…
baby showers not so much
Showers are given by friends.
Buddy, you are in a heep of trouble if you stay.
You will be on Maurey Povich.
If you spend more on the baby shower than you would buying the items yourself, you have lost the plot.
When reality shows like Real Housewives started showing epic parties, everyone wanted one.
When TLC and MTV put pregnant teenagers on TV kids thought they were rich celebrities.
Now those kids have kids.
I had a small get together in my apartment and cooked everything myself except the cupcakes.
Are people really going crazy over these parties?
When social media came to town.
The shower is one of so many red flags.
It all comes down to boundaries that were never enforced.
your stepdaughter was 14 when she had a BOY sleepover with your full knowledge and blessing?
Two grown adults made a decision to have consensual (likely unprotected) sex that resulted in a pregnancy and somehow this becomes your problem?
You are living hand to mouth and likely impacting your health through overwork so oxygen thief grown adults who make 4k a month can live rent free?
Your wife gives you an ultimatum that she cannot financially back up expecting what exactly?
OP, you have a choice to make.
1-stay and be miserable and end up supporting them for the rest of your life with money you don’t have.
2-take your wife up on her ultimatum.
Don’t go to counseling or pass go bc it won’t help.
She will not change.
GTFO or you will die young and be working until such time.
Unfortunately what you’re saying makes perfect sense.
The poor guy is working himself to death to support four adults soon to be 5.
All he gets in return is attitude.
Does your wife work?
If you keep working the way you are, you’ll get sick.
This family is taking, total advantage of you.
Either they all kick in on the rent or you should have them leave or you leave.
This guy doesn't have to do child support or spousal support.
He should seek out a room somewhere, clean up his accounts, pack his stuff and get out.
He can find for divorce later.
Counselling is out of the budget here and pointless.
Also, the point of a shower was to get free stuff for the baby.
Usually relatives or friends throw it so the new mom can have a bunch of gifts.
It was jever intended to be a huge expensive production.
You keep the party lower cost and spend on stuff the family needs.
Not only that, but people holding their own shower?
Very tacky; a money grab for sure.
This will never get better at this point, that is a grown ass woman who has never learned to support herself.
OP should get a divorce and move on.
There is no need for this in his life.
NTA if you leave them, Y T A if you stay in this situation.
Your wife has clearly made her choice.
Get out while you still have some semblance of sanity.
She offered to leave, I'd take her up on that and pack her shit.
I have the same take on this!
Your wife wants to move out and support her kid, her kid-in-law, and grandkid-on-the-way?
Be the gentleman and help her pack and move.
Your first mistake was giving the kids 30 days to get their poop in a group and not sticking to your boundaries.
And then you let it fester into 4 months.
You are struggling to support everyone, not just yourself.
And you're being disrespected.
You don't have to continue making mistakes though.
Tough love is called tough because it is.
It is also empowering.
One day, maybe many years down the road those kids, and perhaps even your wife will realize learning to stand on their own feet was a powerful experience.
After all, very soon they'll need to teach their new arrival how to do that themselves.
Better they learn to do it first.
Thats a baby daddy, and one the daughter knew she shouldn’t be with.
Get your poop in a group" is now part of my vernacular, thank you.
NOR for OP - There's a lot of hindsight bad decisions, but one thing us guaranteed.
It will not change or "get better" for many, many, many years.
Favorite photo that proves that actors really are just like us?
r/okbuddycinephile - 2 DuNKiN DUNKIN' DUNKIN' dunkiN' DUN
artemis fowl representative
This has heavy Slav energy
he reminds me of an old uncle that you saw only a few times in your whole life
drives a 90s volvo, his volvo and himself smell strongly of cigarettes, either best friends or worst enemies with your father, either a struggling broke ass or the richest man alive, works as a trucker or on a factory, and everytime he was hanging out with your family he secretly gave you really expensive gifts
and then he died in his 40s-50s in a tragic accident or alcohol overdose
My uncle is close enough.
Seen him a lot when I was a kid, he lived with us for a few years because he was broke after returning from working abroad.
Then haven’t seen him in ages or only irregularly.
Maybe 10 times in 20 years.
He always had cool gifts for me when he had some, he was really close with my dad then they estranged over my uncles new wife (she’s a twat).
He died last year at 59 or 60 of cancer.
Holding a moldy orange by the mold is nasty work
Its a fake moldy orange from the movie "Inside"
Rob Pattinson seems like such a down-to-earth guy tbh
He's one of my favorite celebs and I don't think I've ever seen any of his movies
Yeah, we don't watch movies here.
If you’re not admiring Cate, you’re just not existing
The best part is when she got caught looking.
Lo gracioso es que Sofía Vergara tiene esa foto enmarcada en su casa
What mid-sized US city is most likely to blow up in population and importance over the next 30 years?
I can’t imagine any actual CITIES blowing up in population.
The surrounding ’burbs will just sprawl out an extra 20 miles instead.
That’s what’s happening now.
The era of the “next Austin” is over unfortunately.
It’s just that people are moving to the Sun belt and turning it into one gigantic suburb, Recreating Orange County from first principles
These things happen in pulses within the culture I think.
In the post-war era suburbs were considered freedom, then the hippie generation sneered at them as soulless and packed into communes, then the crime wave started and cities became symbols of decrepit infrastructure and suburbs were considered idillic (even trends like grunge “garage bands” started making the culture more suburban than urban forward), then the millennial/late gen-x hipsters started “gentrifying” cities en masse when the crime wave subsided and suburbs were considered soulless hellholes, now everyone just sits on their phones so what difference does it make if it’s in an apartment or a spacious McMansion in some Phoenix exurb?
Maybe Gen Alpha will save us
I would love to see a mayor of a city with little to lose (e.
Louis) just go full YIMBY.
Declare themselves to be an American Tokyo and end non-industrial zoning.
Edmonton is pretty close.
But even with zoning changes, shit takes a long time to come to fruition.
Uhhh except that's not how Japanese zoning works though.
It's not 'unzoning', not completely.
Japanese zoning would be a massive step up though, in that you are right at least
Instead of single use zoning, everything is essentially 'such a level of nuisance, or less' mixed-use by default.
I mean Houston has no zoning ordinance.
Driving around Houston is like a game of Sim Coty from 1996 has crashed.
And all it got them was tiny poor neighborhoods tucked between oil refineries and superfund sites.
That's why I said "non-industrial."
There are a few legitimate uses for zoning, like separating out industry, farmland, nature, etc.
, but the vast majority of zoning is about aesthetics.
There isn't really a reason to limit density or to separate residential and commercial.
Houston has no zoning, and is pretty YIMBY.
It definitely hasn’t turned out like Tokyo.
Well, midsize cities still have plenty of room to grow, they aren't incredibly dense like NYC or Chicago.
Midsize cities generally still have a lot of room to grow in their footprint, either in unused land, in repurposing development, or just growing vertically.
most midsize cities have a bunch of roads that are just sprawl.
An applebees with a big parking lot.
A long strip mall with a few little shops in it.
A car dealership, a small 2 story set of condos.
If there's enough demand, each of those things can be bought out and replaced with urban development, rather than suburban development, which uses space VERY inefficiently.
That strip mall for example.
It's footprint can double by making a much bigger size building, putting parking underground, and building vertically, allowing for more retail at the same time they add a bunch of office space or residential space above.
The issue - so far as one exists - is more the declining relevance of downtowns as business hubs.
Most companies don’t really need to be physically close to other companies nowadays in the digital era, so why bother with the super expensive downtown skyscraper when you can just get a big wide whatever in an industrial park?
Downtowns can still grow ofc, but it is a bit of an awkward stage for a lot of cities (especially smaller ones) where that growth represents a transition away from downtown as a business hub towards dense walkable neighbourhoods.
Less new towers, more residential conversions of existing ones.
Someplace with water available.
A lot of growth has been in the arid south west.
But water is going to be a problem.
I wonder if the area around the great lakes is going to take off.
Duluth, MN is often touted as a climate refuge.
You all stay away from the Great Lakes.
We don't want all your problems here.
Let us keep our bastian of great affordable midwest living.
I feel like the cold keeps a fair amount of people away
It kinda already is.
Cities in the Great Lakes area are doing great right now.
I could see any city around the Great Lakes going nuts
I live between Chicago and Milwaukee and when we first moved here 10 years ago there was still tons of farm land.
In the places we lived it’s all been bought up and developed into housing or retail.
Lots of development happening but it’s more to a region than a specific city
A Chicago/Milwaukee metroplex would be kinda insane.
Just one long interconnected stretch.
It's not that far away from being that way already
Kenosha needs its own pro sports team to be officially part of the metroplex.
Named the Milwaukee Cheeseboards of Kenosha.
They have the Kenosha Kickers.
Polka king of the Midwest.
There is already overlap of commuteable suburbs.
Chicago's transit system reaches just over the WI border.
Amtrak from downtown to downtown is only 90 minutes and thats not high speed rail.
I grew up in a "Chicago" suburb exactly halfway from Milwaukee and Chicago.
It was so convenient for jobs.
And people from Milwaukee would reverse commute to jobs in my area.
Basically any town between Gurnee and Kenosha.
People who own houses there don't realize what they have.
that area has always been weird.
sure it's growing, but it’s just all strip malls.
It’s basically like the valley in California.
it’s just suburban hell from about 20 minutes north of Chicago all the way into Milwaukee, even though yes, there’s Abbott and all kinds of large company headquarters up that wayDuring her 15 years of life, Chaser the border collie displayed a remarkable knack for nouns - one that withstood the tests of Neil deGrasse Tyson.
And I’m out here forgetting names of colleagues I’ve worked with for five years.
Maybe try to remember them by smell
You have to sniff their ass, and stupid HR people have an issue about this.
Just sniff them too!
Same here and we all wear name badges which makes it even worse
I go to a games night.
I remember everyone's name except the presidents.
im surrounded by people i never learned the name of
I can probably remember the name of thousands of items I interact with if someone asked me about one.
They just don’t have as many cute names.
Darwin, find Walter_Stonkite
The name is written on the back, it's to easy
also Darwin is way too well known.
He wouldn't have been able to pick Louis Pasteur or Gregor Mendel
Please, Chaser obviously knows what a Punnet square is, from inference she’s going to get Mendel.
Give her something a little more Continental.
Give her a Jesus doll and and Albrecht Dürer doll and let’s see if she can get that
They thought it was just Chaser being able to remember but it was actually because he can read
Those livestock dogs are smart as shit
Combined 26 years of border collie.
They are so easy to train and work with, I wouldn't have any other breed
That said, they're too smart for their own good and aren't good pets for most families They require lots of mental exercise.
This is why I have dumb dogs.
People seem to love the idea of smart dogs but they're less fun when they eat your couch because you have a job and they're bored.
I can get a simple puzzle toy and my dumbass will be playing for hours.
I think he's so dumb he forgets how long he's been at it, so he doesn't lose interest.
Yeah i have a Bernese Mountain dog and whilst shes just about clever enough to be trained with Sit and Stay and Off etc etc, shes dumb enough to just sit staring at you adoringly for ages.
You can literally see tumbleweed in her brain, lol.
Smart enough for manners, dumb enough to be chill.
As someone who as worked with dozens of hyper intelligent working dogs - this is the way.
Different kind of intelligence for humans and dogs.
I had a not so bright sheepdog lab mix.
Dude was so emotionally intuitive.
Knew what you were feeling before you did.
Maybe it's same as Basenjis.
Basenjis for ages everyone thought they were dumb since they just refused to learn tricks.
Turns out punishment training makes them write you off completely, but switch to rewards and they ace everything.
They're not dumb, they just need a compelling reason before they'll do anything you ask.
Basically the dog equivalent of 'Give me one good reason I should listen to you?'
I love big kind dogs who lay by the wood stove or heater and are happy to see their people too.
I like a dog that even without a leash is right by me listening to what needs to happen regardless of outside stimulation
i wonder if this is how some people feel about choosing significant others
I had a sheep farm for most of that time and didn't work a normal job.
They are intense but that is also what I think makes them so desirable.
A black lab (while cute and agreeable) won't take a slight hand movement and nod as a command.
That I've seen anyway.
I have a Belgian Shepard because he is a service dog to my partner whom is disabled.
He was picked because of his natural clinginess.
I genuinely believe he would be very sad if he didnt have things to do every day.
If he was a family dog Im sure he'd be miserable and misbehave as well.
All that dog wants to do is make sure she is taken care of and play with her.
He loves me but more the way you love a cousin than a sibling.
If we didnt have him she'd have to go back to running into tables and shaking all the time.
Im so glad working dogs exist.
one that withstood the tests of Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Not a sentence I expected to hear tonight, but ok xD
The title frames this clip but it’s PBS Nova so I assume he did a bunch of episodes as a narrator.
And he presumably didn’t write the whole show and organize the material.
But it’s important to note that Tyson is trained as an astrophysicist not an ethnologist.
So he’s out of his area expertise on this topic and anything he states on the topic should be taken with a grain of salt.
That said this wasn’t particularly controversial.
I wish he debunked those buttons that people claim dogs use to speak in sentences.
Wait a damn minute!
r/SipsTea - USA - The good guys?
Listing the bad doesn’t erase the aid, alliances, or civilian lives too.
Listing the good doesn’t erase this list either.
Good guys was always propaganda.
There are no good guys, good guys are movie characters.
Some are definitely worse than others.
Some might say a person who trafficks little girls as sex worker is a bad guy.
What about whole cultures who shove little girls into forced marriages?
so a vast majority of everyone at the top of power or wealth
Let's not forget when the elites said if you weren't on the Epstein list you weren't part of the in crowd.
These people all would have peaked in high school if they weren't born rich.
Yeah, let's not forget that.
So we don't forget it, who said it exactly?
Had there ever been a confirmed “list” where can I find the list?
Meanwhile the rest are Luther's even more evil twin brother, making both supers look good.
The internets greatest achievement is giving idiots the ability to have their opinions be heard by other idiots
No lunatic on a soap box will ever fail to find an audience and no bad idea will ever die, the rules have changed.
Reddit becomes significantly more tolerable when you realize that it's 90% bot farms and propaganda.
And high school kids who’ve never read more than a paragraph on any topic.
Nah bro everyone's an expert in medicine, law, international affairs, political science, economics, law enforcement, military tactics, emergency medicine, and pandas.
This is why teaching history is so important.
We are the bad guy in some of these, some it's a gray area and in some these conflicts were the best case scenario.
The nuking Japan was pretty bad but the invasion would have been soooo much worse for both sides.
There's a plausible possibility that more pain and suffering would have occurred with an invasion than just nuking, US/Japan would be worse today and Russia may even of taken control of Japan.
Whether nuking was justified and how different the world would be if we didn't is a very interesting debate that we should be having instead of listening to this idiot.
It also wasn’t a binary between mounting a ground invasion or using nuclear weapons.
Operation Downfall provisioned for the use of the nuclear stockpile accumulated by the time the invasion started.
It would have been an extremely bloody ground campaign that also involved the use of nuclear weapons against strategic and tactical targets.
Everyone considers themselves the good guys vs the evil monsters out to destroy the world.
Don't remember Hitler blaming the Jews for everything?
Like all countries do against whoever they are attacking.
It's usually not until later when you compare how they acted vs how others act in the present that you see the similarities.
It's war politics 101, you need to demonize your opponent to give you moral grounds to commit whatever unholy acts you have planned and still be justified in the minds of your people and allies (people in those ally countries).
Leadership though on both sides know the truth.
It never has anything to do with morality.
countries actions are for economic, security, or power/influence.
No county acts on moral reasoning.
That is always just propogranda to drum up support
People sometimes forget that Adolph Hitler genuinely thought he was doing the world a favor by eradicating the Jews.
He was a 'good guy' in his own mind.
Even by Reddit standards, this misleading slop is cringe.
I would love to see OP explain how the US supported the Rwandan genocide.
Quite peak reddit bull shit tbh
I'm pretty sure 90% of the comments and posts here are from bots
So just so we are all clear.
we shouldnt have stopped Japanese imperial expansion and cut them off from helping the nazis?
We should also forget what Japan did to China prior to WWII.
The rape of nanking was one of the most inhumane tragedies that happened.
Even a Nazi was disgusted and helped stop it, and China has a statue of the man.
When even a NAZI is considered a HERO, you KNOW that whatever said Nazi fought against was PURE EVIL
This stupid purity test is absolutely dumb and is ruining society.
That tweet is rage and engagement bait meant to increase division in the US.
Stop getting lead around by your fear and anger.
Yeah, confused by that.
We just ignoring that Japan sided with the Nazis and tried to take over all of Asia.
They killed, hung, burned, raped and tried to eradicate cultures in favor of Japanese culture.
We just pretending they didn't need to be stopped now
Also Japan attacked the US first.
Don't touch our boats
Fuck around with our boats and find out
We do know a thing or two about "proportional" responses.
They’re also leaving out saddam, khadafi, and Assad who brutally suppressed and tortured their own people
The whole Manhattan project and the way we ended the war with Japan definitely has nuance and I don't love painting the whole thing as just "good guys versus bad guys."
. But if you're going to frame it as just "good guys/bad guys" I'd say the States are solidly in the good guys side for that one.
The atomic bombs were being developed with Germany 100% in mind as the first target.
It wasn't a racist "fuck da Japanese.
wipe em' all out" project like Japan worshipping weebs try to revise history portray it as.
Not to mention that anyone who frames it like this is just showing their ignorance from the beginning; dropping the bomb was not worse than firebombing cities.
More people died in a night of firebombing and they died slower and more painful deaths
I tell my students their assignment submission won't open when it actually will.
Wife talked me into using reddit for something other than cleaning and gaming tips.
Hope people find this entertaining, or even take it as a bit of advice for their own students.
I’m a professor at a university and have been for many, many years.
Over that time, I have had a lot of students accidentally submit the wrong document for an assignment.
Usually it’s an assignment for a different class or just some completely innocuous random file, but several times I’ve opened a submission expecting a lab report and been faced with something that was definitely not meant for my eyes.
I was once a sleep-deprived, chronically-stoned college student submitting my papers at the last possible second (although I was doing in person instead of online, which is arguably worse).
I once managed to swap papers meant for different classes, and spent a day panicking about it before managing to contact my professors, who informed me they were married, lived in the same house, and had just swapped my papers back.
Then they both laughed at me, which I admit I deserved.
I try to give my students a lot of grace and not forget what it was like in their shoes.
So, when I think that they would be absolutely mortified to realize what they accidentally submitted, I send out a quick email asking them to resubmit their assignment because it “won’t open on my end”.
I’m even careful to do this once in a while to a correct assignment to prevent them from potentially talking to each other and catching on to my scheme.
They think I’m just a dumb old fart with a shitty computer.
I'm happy to keep it that way.
Edit: People are telling me this is a tactic students use to get extra time.
I'm well aware of that.
Maybe I'm just an old hippie, but I'd rather be too generous with a student who's being lazy than fail one who's trying their best and is probably stress crying over accidentally turning in their anime fanfiction.
I wasn't exactly a perfect student either, so who am I to judge?
The fact that you occasionally do it to correctly submitted assignments just to keep the cover story alive is commitment to the bit.
To be frank, my home computer is from 2004 and really just won't open assignments sometimes.
Does it talk about Y2K like it was 'nam?
I love the smell of toner in the morning
I’m still only in Eugene.
Every time I think I’m gonna wake up back in the online classroom.
Oh, thought you were IN Eugene!
Was gonna say, “no, you’re almost for surely a Duck!
If you see something, say something
I see a wall, a pillow, a phone, a guitar, a foot, sorry, feet, stinky, need washing, a bed, a wardrobe, just farted, need air, a blur of light, still blurry, eyes are stinging and watery
You have suddenly become aware of the space your tongue inhabits inside your mouth so now you swallow but you're still thinking about it.
Like that faint high pitched whine you always hear but don't think about until it's mentioned.
Or the fact that your nose itches and you should blink.
Pure evil, you are.
It really makes you want to unclench your shoulders and remember how tired you are.
This is not Y2K, this is college.
Your computer is old enough to have a bachelors degree
Real talk though: it's not safe to have such an old computer connected to the Internet.
Old hardware and software have too many vulnerabilities.
Oh man, I’d love to have that to play Starcraft.
Ayy fellow lover of SC1 checking in.
Pro scene is still strong in Korea.
I’m also 18/f/cali (never California, for some reason).
Trust no one, not even yourself.
How the fuck do you have a computer from 2004 that still functions with modern softwares and internet?
Do you got some kind of Ship of Theseus thing going on?
Do you have the Chip of PC-us?
Is your 2004 computer still the same computer it once was?
I'm not a tech guy myself but I think it's a whole new computer by now.
It's the first of two computers I've ever bought (second is a laptop I got for work from home in 2020) and every time it acts up I call the same guy.
He says it's his pet project and his goal is to keep it functional until I die, and then stick it in a museum.
Edit if I had to guess it's just the shell with a full frankenstein treatment going on inside.
If you wouldn’t mind, I’m curious about the level of overhauling that’s happened here (and I hope it’s been significant for security reasons alone).
I’m guessing you’re probably on Windows 10 or 11?
If so, may I ask for you to open the Windows start menu, then open the Settings application and go to System About, and copy/paste the contents of the Device Info section?
Alternatively, if you’re on a different OS, feel free to respond with which one you’re using and I can provide similar instructions for how to gather the specs.
For whatever reason, I feel like I have to know what kind of hardware your guy has you running on.
Inquiring minds want to know!
My sister's husband wrote all his books on.
(drum roll, please).
He (the BIL, not the computer) died just last year, while the computer is still functional.
Their tech guy has a framed photo of it on the wall of his shop.
No internet, obviously, and the manuscripts had to be "translated" into a format that the publisher would recognize, but hey, it all worked for the author, and that's what mattered.
To be honest, I think he would have been happier using an Underwood, but the world moved on, and he had to comply.
My husband is in information security at a university and used to do network security.
He has some really old machines like yours but the insides were completely Frankensteined.
Very rarely do we get new machines here at home but they do have new parts and pieces.
My son just replaced a bunch of his machine asking his dad for advice.
whoa, i know tech people that had to be physically pried from their windows XP like 10 years ago, but you sir are computing on a unicorn.
no computer was designed to last 22 years lol, that's amazing
It's the computer of theseus at this point haha
Older Computers and servers work very well if you keep them dust free.
Working in IT since over a decade and been playing with them for almost 3 decades
My little brother got to meet the dumpster creature from Mulholland Dr!
r/okbuddycinephile - My little brother got to meet the dumpster creature from Mulholland Dr!
Absolutely haunting, and Laura isn't exactly looking her best here either
The Mar a Lago MAGA makeover,
Absolutely none of them needed to do anything imo.
I’m trying to find fault in their before pictures and can find nothing?
They felt they needed gender affirming surgery
More like jigsaw affirming surgery
I saw a comment about this.
It’s fucking drag queen shit for them to portray their idea of being a woman.
No shade to drag queens.
They do it way better.
Also, way nicer friendly and more inclusive.
Drag queens are better at it, fun, and self aware.
Also they don’t dabble in treason.
You mean soul affirming surgery.
A face as ugly as their Character.
i require more pixels
Yeah, that was horrifying.
I desperately tried everything to make it less so, but think I may have made it worse
Gameboy printer ass faces.
I believe you have
I have no further use for my eyes.
And they say that trans people are the ones "mutilating" themselves, these people are just projecting because their trump faces wtf.
Ya know what's awful?
That Leavitt is probably the most "normal" looking of the bunch in their current state.
Why the fuck do they do this?
I so don't get it.
The point is to show how willing you are to be a compliant right wing woman.
This is severe body dysmorphia.
I can't goon to that, I've tried.
Not with that attitude.
I miss the times when goons were those henchmen of super villains.
The mask looks better than the real thing.
How the hell does the mask look more natural then her actual face.
I guess they just slather the Mar-a-lago Face on with a trowel then?
The sheer amount of product has clearly frozen her face in some sort of death grin
The secret ingredient is Smilex.
nah I swear I‘m not crazy, the burgers are definitely shrinking
I just wanted a hot dog
r/mildlyinfuriating - nah I swear I‘m not crazy, the burgers are definitely shrinking
And with that, the price increases
We should do a mass no McDonald’s week.
Hurt those pockets.
I've been doing my part for a few years now.
I didn't go to Hungry Jacks (Australian Burger King) for a decade and came back and the coffee was much better thanks to me boycotting them for so long.
I dont eat fast food anymore because I literally cant afford to.
I have been priced out of what was once the poverty resturants.
We went to Jersey Mikes yesterday for the first time in years.
3 combo meals with drinks was 66.
I thought I heard 36 and was going on my merry way until my husband told me later what the total was.
We rarely go out to eat and I think I’ll change it to never.
This is actually a really big red flag imo.
Before, fast food was considered “recession-proof” because it was the poverty restaurant/small luxury people might get once in a while when money was tight but you needed a little something to brighten your day.
When we have our inevitable recession, Amit is really going to hurt.
Just delete the app and be done with it.
Quarterly profit needs to drop before they will do anything.
I have been trying local mom and pops.
I already a few I put in my rotation.
I also found a fb market place seller.
I also found a fb market place seller.
You buy burgers off Facebook?
Wont be surprised if resellers here do this even with burgers now lol
I was looking for frozen lumpia.
The old lady at work retired and went back home.
Instead, Found a filipino dish called pastil.
Shredded chicken rice or shredded beef rice.
Tons of garlic and birds eye chili.
Tons like booty burn hot.
I freeze them and microwave when i get a craving.
Heat is like a Vietnamese dish, flavor is sweat savory soy sauce almost like adobo.
See youtube recipe to get an idea of the flavor profile.
Still looking for lumpia, the old lady might have sprinkle some crack.
Others don't taste like hers.
Go home bot, you're drunk.
How about a mass, No McDonald’s ever again.
I’ve been doing my part.
Their portion sizes for the money and lack of quality alone are just insulting and have kept me away for years.
Have you seen how literally poisonous their specific breed of potatoes are?
“I’m over it!”
Pretty sure if their potatoes were "poisonous" they wouldn't be allowed to use them.
How about a mass no mcdonalds ever again?
Been doing it for years now, I didn’t miss any enjoyment of life, at all
Anyone going there allows themselves to get bent over and fisted like a little bottom bitch just for the nostalgia of bUt ThEsE nUgGieS mAKE Me FeEl lIkE iM 9 yo AgAin oN mOmMiEs LaP
Go to the burger/mexican/doner/whatever shop next to your your Mc Dick, get 400% more food for the price, that tastes better and arrives faster.
Literally no benefits to McDicks other then the „I don’t have to talk to anyone and can just tap on a screen to get fisted“ and the nostalgia of being a kid
We’re doing the doner thing from this local pita place at the moment.
You’re right on everything you’ve said, home cooked food mass produced it is warm hot and way more than a small burger, fries and a drink for less than the price.
I love your energy my dude.
I’m definitely not going to a McDonalds ever again as it will remind me of you saying McDick.
Problem is these days is that all of the 24 hour diners are closed, so if you need food after 9 or 10pm when the restaurants closed, you’re fucked.
We recently had a small local drive thru open nearby that’s 24 hours tho which is awesome.
Not many people have those options which stinks because it used to be a lot more common.
These companies live quarter to quarter.
If we really want to send a message, it has to be like.
They fund genocide, why anyone still eats their "food", is beyond me.
Haven't had McD's in years but they seem to be doing just fine lol
Just eat better food and you'll never want McDonald's ever again.
And the fact they’ll tell us it’s new and improved while it actively shrinks right in front of us lol
And the meat becomes thinner
That shrinking technology ain't cheap.
Should've used a banana for scale
No you see - things are getting so small that you can't accurately compare them to banana, eggs are the new meta
I reject this new meta and the lemmings will too
give us your god damn banana
sir, the bananas are also shrinking
Only when the weather is cold
Spoiler alert: that’s a quail egg
If only it was an Ostrich egg
Yall still eat here?
That 15 is better spent on groceries bruv, I can't justify it anymore.
Honestly I’m impressed at how far companies can push consumers before they break.
Prices keep upping and quality and size keeps decreasing year on year and people still consume.
I kinda get why suits have no respect for consumers because it seems they don’t have any for themselves.
I only buy McDonalds deals or value menu, if I have a craving.
Never buy at regular price, it doesn’t make sense.
No judgement, you do you, but you're still supporting them.
They don't give a fuck if you're only buying value meals, all they see is that you're still willing to give them money whilst they become increasingly anti-consumer.
It shocks me how many people don't pay attention to deals available to them.
Groceries aren't half bad if 90% of what you buy is on sale!
Ain't that the truth.
15 bought me 1lb of beef, buns, brats, buns, small can of baked beans.
Enough food off the grill for days.
The average cost of beef is 6.
The average cost of Brats of 5.
Where can you buy two packs of buns and a can of beans for 3 and pay tax?
Best choice buns.
Thank you fast food for pricing me out of eating there almost every day.
My heart and the rest of my body thanks you lol
ПоделWhat movies would I enjoy as a man of these credentials?
r/okbuddycinephile - What movies would I enjoy as a man of these credentials?
You would proclaim to not watch movies and call Milly Alcock ugly.
That's the kind of guy who says A24 is "too mainstream" too.
As a fellow retard, you should check out Melania (2026)!
Melania is a masterpiece of modern cinema, for sure.
What, specifically, did you find inspiring?
That if a prostitute finds the right customer, she can become the first lady of the United States.
I didn't know it was just a remake of Pretty Woman with added politics!
We call it "Shitty Woman".
With a Roy Orbison soundtrack"
Shitty woman, walking down the street.
Shitty woman, finding babies to eat."
Sure, but that’s always been true.
It’s really a question of whether you’re willing to do butt stuff for the Red White and Blue.
edit: Lol, sorry for any confusion, I edited an entirely unrelated comment onto the end of this one.
Her love and dedication to the children!
No one, other than her husband, loves and holds kids like that
I don't think he'd grasp the finer points of the plot
Something with colours and sounds.
Idiocracy, but you wouldn't get it.
Too bad I'm the only one who recognizes how accurate of future prediction this is
Consider Christopher Nolan filmography.
It's really for the smart ones like ya.
Wait is the filmography for smart fellas or fart smellas?
You'll love it
You'd probably LOVE Obsession.
It's Morbin time, regard.
Rick & Morty (Rick is a cool hero, that beats enemies with his high IQ moves), Tenet (I won't explain, because is you don't get it, you don't get it)
Oh man, Christopher Nolan’s movies are going to blow your mind.
Have you considered procreating significantly?
The Fast and the Furious franchise is right up your alley
Andy the Talking Hedgehog.
It's a very intellectual film.
Dad said no, because we only worship the one true talking hedgehog in our home.
Double whammy: you will look super smart to half the bell curve and infuriate anyone on the right half…
You could STAR in What’s Eating Gilbert Grape
You would find Now You See Me interesting and well written
How’d you get my IQ test results?
This wasn’t an easy test to take and I studied very hard to get that
Anyone from Marvel at this point
Some might say the smartest.
Check out Fight Club.
Make it your whole personality.
Five Nights At Freddy’s and Five Nights At Freddy’s 2
(No greenscreen remakes allowed.
Just pure campy heaven)
Anything Tyler Perry.
You will fully understand Tenet
Sydney Sweeney orfan
Don't watch movies though OP, I heard it lowers your IQ.
Dude you're in the top 95% of intelligence, you'd probably enjoy most movies
Genuinely I think the site itself is the real iq test
Are you willing to spend money for some number so you can flex on others, and will you even understand what the results even mean
The Money Pit might be a more appropriate Tom Hanks movie.
Super Girl, but only if you have a lobotomy first
Раздел «Информация о сообществе»
опубликованных материалов за неделю
Kino memes only.
this place must remain wholesome keanu
Update 02/2025: Also stop with the crazy anti-Semitism.
You'll get this sub banned.
Should be an Okbuddy style meme
Should be an Okbuddy style meme and at least somewhat related to cinephilia
Keep actual, unironic discussions about politics, social issues, religion, the Middle East conflict etc.
away from the comment section.
There is no point in having a heated, never-ending political debate with someone on an okbuddy sub.
This is not a sub for posting pictures of Sydney Sweeney's bosom.
Or reposting the same scenes from Poor Things a hundred times.
If you want to post pictures of attractive actors, there are plenty of subs to do that.
This isn't one of them.
Posting pornographic, suggestive or otherwise clearly sexual and arousing material is a bannable offense.
And yes, this applies to comments too.
No low effort reddit screenshots
Arr slash moviecritic user has a dogshit question lemme screenshot and post it here for free karma
user who can no longer screenshot it and post it here for free karma
Moratorium on certain topics (temporary)
Sydney Sweeney posts
Shock humour isn't funny, and doesn't fit in this sub.
Do not try to be offensive for the sake of it.
There's a big difference between a joke and just being mean.
Thous_Cara_Pollen
Crank: High Voltage
Roland Emmerich defender
Fighting Game Nerd
I’m the Joker baby!
Посмотреть всех модераторов
RI dunno why chuds are calling her ugly.
I'd let this woman hit me with her car everyday and just say thanks mam can you do it again
r/okbuddycinephile - I dunno why chuds are calling her ugly.
I'd let this woman hit me with her car everyday and just say thanks mam can you do it again
If I had a dollar everytime when someone posts Milly Alcock I would've been a trillionaire
Fuck that ageless prick Ser Criston Cole
Bro got rejected once and turned it into a full-time hater arc.
Incel that’s dicked down the two most powerful women in the world though
And they both rejected him afterwards, like the cuck he is.
And failed upwards into becoming Hand of the King.
Is she somewhat progressive?
Is she not Sydney Sweeney?
I don’t get the thing with Sydney Sweeney though.
Like yeah she’s hot, sure.
But like, in a very “generic hot celebrity” way.
Like what’s so special about her?
Her tits and the fact she gets them out in everything is what's "special"
Sydney Sweeney has always looked perpetually high off something to me.
If you watch the trailer for that terrible movie “Anyone But You” she sounds like she’s delivering every line after taking a bar of Xanax to the face.
It's the fetal alcohol syndrome.
i'm gonna tell my wife to drink a bunch when she's pregnant so my son has huge knockers
Something to do with her eyes for sure.
HUGE TRACKS OF LAND
If people are crazy about Ana de Armas I could understand.
I'm not going to lie and say I wouldn't but in Texas there's at least one Sydney Sweeney in every trailer park.
Damn, I need to move
I'm not from a Texas caravan park, but rural Australia which I presume is basically the same.
They don't stay that way for long.
The alcohol and tobacco has them aging at about 10 years for every chronological year.
She is not trying too hard to hide a bit of racism and some find that attractive.
I was half way through Supergirl before I realized that it in fact did not star Sidney Sweeney.
For many of them her existence as a protagonist is all they need for a reason why.
They took my early sexual development homoerotic idol and made a women version of him?
I love that I can publicly drool over women progressively now to pwn the chuds.
We have come full circle
watches sex scenes with parents like a boss
Nerds ruin everything good.
Synder fans hate anyone cast in Gunns DC, i genuinely don’t think it’s politics.
I think it’s both.
Snyder fans got the ball rolling and then the chuds jumped on board.
You actually see this a lot with extremists of either side.
She played a role in a movie they don’t like.
Now she’ll get the Brie Larson treatment.
I'd give her and Brie the same treatment, the best 20 seconds of my life
change the sub's name to hers already
Yea this is kinda odd, I don't search the internet top much but have seen way more posts here about chuds and her than chud posts.
But if there is a lot of it I dont think people realise moaning on here is exacrly what they want so these posts do nothing to actually deal with the problem.
In fact it validates it to them.
Wild theory: Astroturfing from Warner Bros.
Don't worry the Odyssey comes out in two weeks.
This is just the bots killing time until the next round of Lupita Nyong'o hate/love
I’m following this sub simply for the goon content
I keep suggesting to rename this sub to r/okbuddygooner and put BDH as sub's icon
Baul Domas Handerson, yes.
Goon away, brother.
You are free to be yourself here.
r/okbuddycinephile - The Social Network (2009)
The most negative impact Harvard has had is having Kissinger as an alumnus.
I’ve hardly bombed her!
Значок профиля за достижение Автор из топ-1% Автор из топ-1%
Buddy you're missing out
Комментарий удален пользователем
Lmao I think I need to rub my eyes.
is Reddit trying to pretend Kissenger is okay now?
Looking at their history, they seem to be Br*tish
If it looks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck, then it probably is a duck
Hobbyless, pathetic behavior.
Kissinger accomplished one thing correctly, but it required a century.
Having a gender neutral bathroom built?
com/r/okbuddycinephile/comments/1jb4ofr/the_social_network_2010/mhra943/
they trust me" is wild, huh?
This just doesn’t make sense.
The comment doesn’t seem to be underrated; it’s currently at 44 upvotes as a reply to another comment.
And you replied just a few minutes after it was posted.
How could you possibly judge that it’s underrated when there hasn’t been more than a few minutes to gauge people’s reactions to it?
Because it didn't have enough upvoted then, doesn't now, and no matter how many upvoted it gets, I'll still consider it underrated.
Because it’s a bot and tokens have gotten expensive so they are all running them on low effort.
Probably the fourth or fifth one I’ve seen.
Note how their response to you doesn’t address anything you said.
He only did graduate school there, right?
But yeah, Harvard has a lot to answer for.
That might be the worst.
THIS USER(u/Aurevya) IS A BOT.
com/r/okbuddycinephile/comments/1jb4ofr/the_social_network_2010/mhr0mkx/
Least controversial Laotian opinion
Gotta love it when the most obvious failure of social media was there before our eyes right from the start.
We truly are an idiotic species
Speak for yourself I did not give Zuckerberg any of my information.
You are a true intellectual.
the confidence is honestly impressive, lol
Alexis Ohanian and spez you just let have whatever tho
It's funny when people try to have a high horse about fb/meta but still use things that has all their info on tap lol
Eh, there are different degrees to this shit.
Reddit's bad and getting worse but they've never, for example, exfiltrated Android users' entire browsing history.
Or exploited a bug in Android's permission system to get your entire call log and text message history.
Don't fall into the trap of false-equivalency here, Facebook/Meta is one of the worst privacy violating companies on the planet, up there with Oracle and Palantir.
You have learns'd me good.
I'm really not that tech smart, and those are fucking terrifying lol I'm happy I got locked out of my fb in 2013
You realize you can sign up for a reddit account with just an email, right?
I'm not a smart man but I know what love is
Is that from some kinda book or something
You didn't use a burner email for reddit accounts?
There are even firefox extensions for burner emails and phone numbers.
Brother i can barely set up my Xbox in a hotel lol I actually kind of have though just from being banned over nonsense and them not taking my normal emails
They might have registered without email and use a VPN to connect
I mean that's fair but there's a pretty decent chance they're on their phone as well using data or internet that's not secure.
I was just saying in general when people are complaining it's most likely they are still having their data out there in a bunch of ways.
There's tons of people who go full blackout online going the extra mile but I just feel like most people aren't like that lol
Yes a true intellectual, thank you
You didn't have to, they just took it anyway.
Social network like buttons on websites other than their own are often used as web beacons to track user activities for targeted advertising such as behavioral targeting combined with personally identifiable information, and may be considered a breach of Internet privacy.
Early in 2018, Mark Zuckerberg admitted in a congressional hearing that Facebook collects information on people who are not Facebook users.
To be clear, Facebook does not use the term "shadow profile," but that's become the common term for information collected on people who are not Facebook users.
(It can also refer to data collected about people who are users, but the information in question was not provided by them.)
Instead, it comes from third-party sources.
In other words, whether you're a Facebook user or not, the company knows things about you that you did not explicitly tell it.
He probably has some of it somewhere anyways
I did and I got 4 last week as part of a class action settlement.
It was totally worth it.
These are happy tears.
maybe I did give them some information I’m not sure really not saying I never did tho 4 isn’t too bad
the irony is just perfect, huh?
the irony is rich, he built a platform on trust while totally disregarding it.
wild how history repeats itself
For a second there I parsed 'DMs' as Dungeon Masters and had a weird vision of Zuckerberg getting kicked out of various D&D campaigns in Harvard.
Actually with a 2nd yacht for the heli and other toys.
Sorry both are mega.
Actually a third is also here.
With engineers to keep the other 2 running.
This guy now has an armada and no one can afford rent.
And that's the thing about this whole situation, we got the warning shot twenty years ago and just shrugged it off.
He straight up told us what he thought of us and we kept logging in every day anyway.
The "dumb fucks" line isn't even the scandal, it's the fact that he was right about us.
I caught The Social Network again last year and it plays way better now than it did back in 2010.
Back then it felt like a rise to power story, now it feels like a documentary.
Fincher basically filmed a crime in progress and nobody in the audience thought to check their privacy settings on the way out.
he basically opened Pandora's box and we all just clicked "agree" without reading
We didnt just click agree, we handed over our whole contact list and called it connecting.
This looks real.
It really happened.
The post looks fake as fuck and the texts are doubtless recreated for the image but…
Article old enough for high school
Prince of Egypt mogging everything pure flix ever created.
To be fair, Prince of Egypt mogs most western animated movies or religious films in general
And most religious movies ever.
Only ones I can think of that rival it is Ben Hur and The Hunchback of Notre dame
Prince of Egypt still mogs both
Does Prince of Egypt have a sick chariot race scene, though?
Oh wait, yeah, actually it does.
And everyone on the Prince of Egypt team who underperformed was sent to work on Shrek, where they desperately gave 110% on it so they could earn their way back onto Prince of Egypt.
This led to Shrek becoming an absolute gem.
Prince of Egypt fucked so hard before it was even released that people who got sent to the proverbial coal mines for not giving it the effort it deserved ended up digging up diamonds in their desperation to retain association with it.
What about The Apple (1980)?
That’s a Jewish film as well as a Christian one, tbf.
Both in content and production
A Jewish film in Hollywood?
And Muslim, since they also claim spiritual lineage from the old testament prophets
Well plenty of religions make reference to Exodus.
But were there any Muslims with important roles in producing the film?
Idk what kind of nerd cares about movies enough to know anything about the people behind them?
Like imagine being able to name more than 2 actors of the top of your head.
I've already spent all my attention span watching it through TikTok funk edits.
They had a whole bunch of religious experts in basically every abrahamic faith to make sure it was as respectful as possible.
They really don't make them like they used to.
That's a Jewish film.
It is literally the story of Passover, one of our major holidays.
It was successfully stolen by the Christians, sorry.
I think all you have left is Fiddler on the Roof and The Hebrew Hammer
Thus sayeth the Lord!
Went from “Deliver usss” to “The hair and pronouns today are too woke.”
wild how those grand themes turned into "my feelings matter
I’ll never forget this but in God’s Not Dead a wife announced to her husband she has cancer and he legit couldn’t give a shit
TBF, to Christians it's like making a big song and dance to announce you're going down the shops.
Well, the phrase is "fuck your feelings".
I'm a special snowflake and literal close friend of a god who already forgave all my sins 2000 years before I was born.
When I have feelings, everyone needs to stop and address them, or by God I will turn this into a permanent campaign of fire and fury that will shock hell itself.
When you have feelings, no one give a fuck haha look at that triggered lib that cant control their emotions.
yeah, the vibes really shifted hard
peak of Christian cinema
If you like to talk to potatoes
If a squash can make you smile
If you like to dance with tomatoes, up and down the produce aisle………
/uj A shame the creator had a problem with the gay rat wedding episode of Arthur lol
/uj that's really disappointing.
no hate like xtian love i guess
Which creator, there's more than one
I’m not even Christian anymore but still acknowledge that Veggietales is peak
I’ll never forget the first time i went into a cathedral and how the huge it was, knew if i was medieval peasant I’d have folded to the Catholics immediately.
They need to make grandiose propaganda again, phoning it in on CW budget about how strong atheist college professors are is not gonna cut it
Universities have some great architecture, but thats assuming you visit one
First time I stepped into my school’s Architecture building I immediately denounced god and got pegged with a wood t-square
I watched from the cuck chair while they got pegged.
Those architecture nerds are surprisingly gentle when handling their wood.
Medieval universities were also religious institutions - in Europe all the oldest ones were founded as seminaries and for theological training, and students had to enter minor religious orders when they enrolled.
Decent burn though
sorry f*lm schools are places of sin
As a militant atheist I have to admit that all the good architecture in my country is hoarded by the red brick universities that were founded to train priests.
I have attended two new-build universities.
The first has a campus that looks like four-storey Portakabins.
The second has a central building like a Northern Irish prison and a School of Management that looks like a Canary Wharf building with the top chopped off.
Universities here are generally divided into centuries-old ones founded by religious orders, and former polytechnics that were built at a time when the country had no money, and designed on the Brutalist principle that the poors were already being spoiled by getting any kind of tertiary education at all, and giving them nice buildings would risk inspiring ideas above their station.
Christian filmmakers can’t make “Ben-Hur” anymore, all they know is “atheists are mean to me” and “less people are christian now”.
/rj Meet the Mormons is the last good Christian film
Book of Mormon was the last good Christian Play
Haven't the Mormons unironically hailed "What I Believe" from the play as a song that they think represents then really well?
That's the beauty of good satire.
Even Mormons largely liked it!
Hacksaw Ridge came out 2 years later, and I reckon that's also a pretty good film with a religious theme.
The first half of the Ten Commandments is peak cinema
Yeah, when you get to Thou Shalt Not Kill they really fall off.
I never finished that movie.
I assume everything works out well for the Jews, right?
I assume everything works out well for the Jews, right?
Better than it turned out for Zipporah's Midianite sisters from Prince of Egypt, at least.
Haven't seen the last bit either.
Hope the Pharaoh has a wholesome redemption
I used to beg my mom to let me stay up past my bedtime to watch that movie.
uj/ I’ve been catching up on those historical epics, as they’re good rainy day watches, and they truly are peak kino
More like ‘The Ten PRONOUNS’ amirite?
/uj If green, blue and purple hair dye had existed in biblical times, Thou Shalt Not using them would've been a Commandment each.
I really should watch more sword and sandals movies they’re a really fun time
I mean I SHOULDNT watch them cause I’m a true cinephile
Seriously, avoid the hell out of Jason and the Argonauts and The Golden Voyage of Sinbad.
You should go to the beach with a gladius, red cape and sandles and nothing else and conquer people's sand castles in the name of Caesar
Part of it is that Hollywood was trying to prove how not Communist they were so they didn't get blacklisted during the Cold War.
No one with talent wants to make Christian movies anymore besides has-beens and never-wases.
Kevin Sorbo and Kirk Cameron are like the number one Christian actors now.
I grew up in a very conservative Pentecostal church and yeah.
Christian media has been garbage for decades now.
Music had its moments, but movies and TV were/are terrible.
Even when I believed, I avoided that stuff.
It was just so awful.
Left Behind, Bibleman, etc.
bibleman was just a weird time, man.
As always the moral turns out to be "the best way to spread your message is to make it good"
No its to antagonize those who don't already agree with you
I also movies like Silence, Hacksaw Ridge, the Nativity Story, The Mission, and the Passion of the Christ.
are also really good Christian films.
Then again I've heard people complain these are aren't ''Christian'' enough.
Like I'm sorry a movie about the birth of our Lord and Savior isn't enough for you.
Maybe baby Jesus should yell at an atheist.
Sorry but Matrix of the Christ was 3 hours of slow-mo falling down.
Play that shit without bullet time and its got a runtime of 40 minutes I swear.
you still get them.
just watched the 2010 Dante's Inferno.
that was great, the absolution to reseal lucifer at the end was peak.
Mods have pinned a comment by u/Old_Reporter6766:
thanks everyone for replying i def thought it was what yall said it was, i called the nonemergency line then i called my mom and apparently it's her medical ointment that fell out of her bag like im so deadass, i picked it up w gloves on after she told me that and lo and behold it is not a wet powder but instead an ointment/vaseline consistency
As a parent I'm here to say that WE LIE sometimes and tell you kids to just drop it!
Proud to see this kind of faith and loyalty in mom's word.
lol im afraid this isnt one of those instances, i understand why a lot of people think my mom is lying cuz it's more entertaining that way!
but we've never had that kind of relationship and until she saw the picture of it she was theorizing on which one of my neighbors it probably belongs to.
ntm she wouldn't want to discourage me from reporting this kind of thing and potentially put myself in danger or legal trouble.
especially since she told me to pick it up and bring it to her
Is that how your mom gets her medical ointment from the pharmacy?
Or does she get a tube of ointment and think, “you know what- a better container for this ointment might be a dime bag.”
Squeezing it out of the tube, with a cap- into a specialty sized bag you can’t get at the store, with no cap?
Your mom spends time doing all of this for some ointment?
You can definitely get the small bags at pharmacies.
Even though it's illegal to have medication in another package than what it came in, pharmacies still sell the organizers (sun-sat), and different sized baggies to separate daily doses into.
Just because it's been used in conjunction with illicit activities and marketing historically, doesn't mean it isn't or can't be used by regular people for things.
I bought 1000 from Amazon.
They're good when disassembling computers to hold screws, offsets, etc.
Totally-the ones with the little hot rods and pool ball 8 are my favorite…
I use them for screws, paperclips, nails, poststamps, cables, heroin, buttons, micro adapters, those stapler refill things.
Everything that's handy in my office.
They sell them at craft stores to put beads and stuff in too.
Years ago I worked in one as a teenager and we would have some interesting people come in and buy them.
I am a bead collector and I have three sizes of mini ziplock bags that I buy from Amazon- along with iPad-sized scales, digital calipers and a few other items that would liook sketchy to someone who didn’t know beaders.
Carrying a tube of ointment can be inconvenient and messy.
I've repurposed dab containers to carry a small amount for emergencies.
Holistic medicine is many times homemade remedies made from scratch.
So no they are not always packaged in FDA APPROVED PACKAGING.
Honestly, this looks like Elmer’s glue with a match stick in it.
Perhaps it was someone building a wooden/metal model car or something.
I use this to glue puzzle pieces together.
The internet is always looking for chances to chastise or put others down.
To the child whose mother this is, I commend you for how u stuck up for ur mother!
I have to say, from what I heard from my pal SWIM, those little bags are terrible at keeping even fine, expensive powders from getting spread about in your pocket after you open and close them a couple times.
I wouldn't trust one for a liquid at all.
Yeah, they suck.
Just a little powder is enough to keep the zipper from zipping all the way.
Empty Carmex containers were the best way to carry powders.
At least, that’s what good ole SWIM told me.
You can get little silicone tub containers that are perfect for this shit.
I got mine in a travel aisle of a home goods store.
my mom is a holistic freak so her definition of medical is different
Is the “holistic freak store” selling lotion in dime bags now?
Isn’t everything in those stores ethically packaged to avoid microplastics?
holistic freak store" DIY from other middle aged women w/ too much time on their hands
My ex MIL was given some home grown catnip by a co worker.
It was dried, and she rolled it up in a sandwich baggie, and just handed it to her out in the open at work
Black_Cat_Just_That
This happened where I work as well.
But since there are several crazy cat ladies in the office, I don't think anyone even actually thought twice about it!"
Oh look, Sharon brought catnip in again.
That reminds me, I could use a little more."
That's a great gift!
Catnip is soothing for humans, and will get your cat high AF.
Lol I like loose leaf tea and that raises some eyebrows at the office!
Let me get a dime of adhesive please and charge it to the game
Everyone saying this is drugs has never seen drugs.
They give samples of beauty products away like this.
It even has the little applicator.
Hijacking this to say: If someone left drugs "lying around" it ain't a drug, No drug user is gonna spill some shit and leave it.
If you see someone lickin the shit off the ground THAT'S when you know it's a drug
Yeah, that's not true.
As someone who used to do both heroin and meth.
The amount of times I've found both (that I 'dropped') may surprise you.
Was always like a mini-Christmas.
Not to mention, it can fall out of someone's pocket.
Seriously, he has a lot of faith in an addicts abilities to keep up with their stuff.
I’ve seen people say this shit before, always people who have never been an addict.
Of course we always know how much of our drugs we have, and will notice if any is missing, but we are still largely fucking idiots that can lose things.
Even drugs we are physically dependent on…
Yup, imagine how many drugs are in that place that goes to nowhere between car seats.
Its been looked for when desperate a bunch but never found.
its in that car somewhere though
My guy have you never heard of a ground score?
Back in my addiction days I remember going to the liquor store to grab booze and finding a tied up white baggie of shit and I sent the pic to my plug being like "Yo what is thisss haha" and he said "Please do not do any drugs you found on the ground, I will just come to you."
Only users lose drugs, man.
In high school a buddy of mine found a half ounce of cocaine in a toilet paper roll on the steps in his apartment building.
I found a Ball worth of heroin laying on the ground once, but I told the girl who dropped it.
You don't know nuffin!
your high school buddy 100% intercepted a dead drop lmao
It's wild to look back and realize that for what was supposed to be some highly respected private catholic high school, at 14-16 years old kids were moving pounds of weed through that school monthly.
So much so that the feds set up shop in the basement of the apartment next door to this same guy that found the coke.
Hes a mortgage broker or some shit now lmao.
It's funny to grow up, see these folks in positions of power and respect, and remember that the pediatrician took it up the ass in the bathroom at a high school party.
All kinds of crap like that.
Nah I sweep up tiny (and shit sometimes large) baggies of drugs nearly every single night at work.
One time I had a regular come back in and straight up asked if I'd seen a little bag of coke on the floor.
Another time I swept up a good half Oz bag of weed (it smelled so good too.
People lose shit.
Its easy to drop a teeny bag like this and by the time you notice you have no clue where it could be or you don't want to embarrass/incriminate yourself searching for it.
All that said I don't think OP is drugs lol.
This reads exactly like something someone who has never done drugs would say
I'm not sure if I exactly agree with you, or it's just because I only use pot, but I think it's more about how much money you make.
If I drop some pot on the ground, I will throw it away.
It's gross, and I have more, and/easily replace it.
Hell, I just drop the whole container of kief on my desk.
I just vacuumed it up.
That's just weed.
For the hard drugs they'll go through the vacuum looking for crumbs.
Nah I had Amphetamines like that once.
You literally had to wait/cut it down a long time for it to become dry, maybe not as creamy as in OPs picture but damn close
thanks everyone for replying i def thought it was what yall said it was, i called the nonemergency line then i called my mom and apparently it's her medical ointment that fell out of her bag like im so deadass, i picked it up w gloves on after she told me that and lo and behold it is not a wet powder but instead an ointment/vaseline consistency
You called the cops over finding a random sНравится
These are the default pose settings that come pre-installed.
I don't wanna download the dlc, default emote for days.
This is the only dlc that exists
I’d love that, but my parents felt strongly that it’s bullshit to lock that behind the ultimate edition.
Also it was also only available as a download, no physical edition that they could sell to relatives later at all.
There is a physical version!
It’s a box with the code inside!
the only correct answer
I got the peace sign, I got the metal horns, that's all I need.
It lets me worry about what my hands are doing so I don't have to worry about my god awful smile that looks fine normally except for when the camera comes out and I look like a little demon thing trying to taste the air
Any other pose and you'll be accused of being either cringe, uncool, or unmanly.
Default pose gets the job done.
Its either that or sticking my ass out and pouty duck face.
But that's not good either apparently.
It's either that or T-pose.
I don’t know how to pose either.
That peace sign comes in clutch every time
If ladies want you to express yourself on cue, they're gonna have to nurture such a response outside of picture taking moments.
facts, give some subtle tips or hints too idk what side is my good side tell me oh look to your left cuz it shows your good side, idk what to do with my hands let alone how to change anything about my posture especially for a picture.
Even professional models get coached by the photographer right?
My bf and I only know silly pics.
3 and half years together and we have a total of 5 pictures that could actually be hung on a wall lol
I stick my tongue out like that in 90% of my pictures.
Your bf and I are already friends.
He’s such a cutie patootie and the best friend anyone could have.
I’m obviously biased but he’s the best person to have in your circle.
We’re your friend too
There's no reason you can't put silly pics on walls
I‘m a „lady“ and my lady friends keep making fun of me because the only thing I can do to pose is the
That hit way to close to home.
I'll be honest, people who say "clutch" or "facts" are the stereotype for these poses.
This is why some people pay big bucks for a professional photographer.
they actually know how to pose and how to make people pose
Yes, reserved for important events.
I’m gonna throw up my peace sign whenever I can ️
Do a half squat and pinch your hands laterally.
Tilt your head back slightly to induce a double chin.
Instead of cheese, screech like a creature of the abyss.
I call it the Cthulhu crab pose.
As a photographer who works in this kind of holiday context, there's often a husband who 'won't pose', who got dragged into it, and you have to try to coax them into something for the camera that doesn't look like a bunch of people smiling and one guy looking like he just wandered into the shot.
The funny part is that is not actually a peace sign.
You are supposed to turn your hand around.
He is basically showing the fuck off sign instead.
It’s how we do it in the US.
Nobody in the US would confuse that for the fuck off signal because we don’t do that here.
I've never ever seen that backwards peace used as an f off.
Do you mean 'peace out'?
org/wiki/V_sign#As_an_insult
TIL that England imposes their beliefs/social norms on others…
Don't forget the hand in pocket pose dude
Someone post the one with huge tits
My thought she approved a 320 brake repair.
The shop completed 3, 350 worth of work.
What should we do?
My mom has a Toyota Rav4 and yesterday, she took it to an auto repair shop because the brakes were making noise, I'm not really sure the extent of it.
Earlier today, she told me she expected the repair to be around 300.
Today I went to pick up the car and was told the total was 3, 349.
I mean, that was a shock to say the least.
I later found out the shop called my mom this morning to get authorization for additional work.
English is not her first language.
She genuinely believed she was approving about 320, not 3, 349.
She never would have knowingly agreed to spend over 3, 000.
Front brake pads and rotors
Rear brake pads and rotors
Brake fluid flush
Fuel system service
Cooling system service
Additional context: She is working today and most or all of the services show the exact same approval time on the invoice (8: 00 AM), suggesting they were all approved during one phone call.
My issue is that my mom believed she was authorizing around 320, not over 3, 300.
I just can't believe they explained every singular charge to her.
I just can't help but think that they knowingly took advantage of the language barrier.
Yes, I understand she is at fault as well.
Are we completely fucked?
EDIT: She did not request all of this work guys.
She just went in for the brakes.
She received a phone call where for some reason, she understood it would cost around 320.
And yes, that is stupidly low for all of that work and she agrees she made a mistake.
They also sent a message showing all of the "technician findings" but nowhere does it say that they were going to work on those things.
And finally, yes she has said she will pay for it.
Like I said, my main issue here is knowing that they used her language limitation against her.
Final Edit: , I'm going to go back there and work with them to see what they can do.
We're fully expecting to have to pay it all back since she did make a mistake despite not fully understanding it.
Thanks for the advice/sympathy from MOST of you.
Нельзя добавлять новые комментарии.
That’s a crazy amount of extra services that have nothing to do with brake noises, this sounds hella fishy.
I’d speak to the owner.
A 3500 repair could be absolutely devastating if someone isn’t prepared for it.
Have you ever been to a mechanic shop?
I feel like every time I go they want to upsell me on shit I don’t need.
Also depending on where they live, labor rates are well above the 100/hr level at this point
They tried to charge my friend like 350 to change a fan belt that didn’t even need to be changed.
They wanted 60 for the part so they’re trying to charge THREE FUCKING HUNDRED DOLLARS AN HOUR FOR LABOR!
I did it in 10 minutes.
Fuck those thieves.
On the flip side (I promise, this is funny as a shade tree mechanic, in my spare time) i helped a buddy replace his serpentine belt on a 1990 Chevy 2500.
Easy enough job, when you know what you're doing, even better having the right tools!
My buddy was on the driver side while I helped him line up the belt.
He moved a weird way, literally bumped the radiator hose at the top of the engine (not a hard hit, literally bumped it with his elbow) which broke off the 30 year old connector.
SIX RADIATORS LATER he finally got it fixed!
The first 4 (from Company A, can't remember what company it was) all had a leak, and spot.
He got a different radiator from Company B, THAT one leaked!
Finally got a replacement from Company B.
I have no idea how much his actual mechanic charged him but it couldn't have been cheap lol!
Well into the 4 figure range, because of swapping a 20 part!
I am 100% in favor of people being paid well.
With that being said, the dealership where I bought my last two Toyotas charges more for an hour of labor than my last private-sector civil engineering firm billed for an hour of my time as a senior project manager.
I have bachelor’s and master’s degrees in engineering, over a decade of experience, and am licensed as a Professional Engineer in multiple states.
At that job I was making over 100k in a very low COL area.
The Toyota dealership is not paying their mechanics six figures.
The Cabin air filter one always gets me.
They quote me like 150 for it - it's literally a 14 filter you slider into the glove compartment, I dont even think you need any tools.
And it's especially dangerous for women, I'm sorry to say.
I had the experience where I was given an estimate of over 600; a few days later my husband took the same car to the same service and was quoted 160.
So her gender and her language issues both were used against her.
I was told I needed a new clutch for like 2k (despite knowing what I needed and telling them exactly that).
I declined and picked the car up.
A few days later my husband got the car fixed somewhere else for 50.
The repair was exactly what I told shop 1 to complete.
Apparently speaking directly to a mechanic as a female is where I went wrong.
Might need a new grumper shaft.
The shawshank needs redemption
Expert Advice Giver [19]
I have been told about the serpentine belt at every oil change from the big chain shops.
I have never, in my 40 years of driving, needed a serpentine belt replacement.
I stopped using those places and found a reliable shop I can trust.
I mean serpentine belts aren’t a regular maintenance item, but rubber does wear out after 100k miles and becomes brittle.
If that snaps, there goes your water pump and, shortly after if you don’t pull over, your engine.
Do shops probably try to get you to change it out early to their benefit?
But you make it sound like a serpentine belt isn’t a normal maintenance item.
Yea, obviously I’ve been to a mechanic shop lol.
So the lesson is that OP’s mom shouldn’t be having conversations about buying products and services without someone competent in the language
The most likely scenario is that they just took advantage and / or outright scammed her.
Most of the extra work is not essential or urgent and probably they didn't even do it.
I took my car in for an oil change and the place tried to tell me I needed a new air filter.
The problem was I literally changed the air filter right before I took my car in.
It’s the easiest way to test these scammy places.
Same here, I took my Honda in to jiffy lube somewhere and they showed me MY BRAND NEW AIR FILTER and said "this ain't doing your car no good."
It happened to me at Jiffy Lube too.
I normally don’t take my car there and never will again.
They also busted a shelf in my glove box to get to the cabin filter that I never asked them to even check.
I took my Honda into jiffy lube and they brought an air filter out to me and said I needed a new one.
I laughed and said," that's the exact same air filter you showed that guy and that woman.
I watched you pick it up off the blue cart right there."
I only paid for an oil change.
A woman that also doesn't speak English as her first language?
They were drooling over this one.
That's why I learned to work on my own car, scammed once and done lol
This, all dealers are to a degree scam artists.
They see an old lady and see huge upsell potential.
Rotors were probably still fine, cabin filter will cost you 20 on Amazon….
For sure next time the number given to the shop should be the person with the most knowledge (and English speaking)
And they’re charging a crazy amount of money as well.
The only sizable charge here should be rotors and pads and the labor involved and the cost of those for a rav 4 should not be a lot, under 1500 surely.
The rest of this stuff is routine and easy to perform with basic tools and YouTube.
“Transmission maintenance” is probably just bleeding and replacing the fluid I feel bad for OP’s mom.
But also replacing all 4 brake pads and rotors would never cost 300 so part of this is on her expectations.
To be fair, I recently bought a full set of 4 rotors and 8 break pads on Walmart.
com for about 200 including tax, from a factory from basically the 8 mile in Chicago.
It was for my Toyota Highlander.
I’ve never worked on cars and I did all the work myself, only took me about 3 hrs.
Rotors and breaks are so easy to change.
Idk why everyone doesn’t do it
Cherish the feeling that you worked on your own car.
Yeah, brake noise somehow turning into a 3, 500 estimate is a huge jump.
I'd definitely want a second opinion before approving any of that work.
Еще 20 ответовGirl refused to shakes hands during graduation with teachers and administrators because she was bullied and they did nothing about it
I wonder if that last teacher actually tried to help
What made me smile is that he was the only one that raised his hand in anticipation even though none of the other teachers even bothered, showing that they must have some mutual understanding and respect.
That was a moderately happy ending.
may have even been proud of her for quietly telling them to fuck off
I mean I know I am, and I don't even know her.
I know I am.
Fucking cinema he was at the end
Even though her time at school was hell, I'm glad she at least had one teacher who she recognized as an ally.
Hopefully this video earns her some amount of notoriety that provides her some opportunities or advantage in life.
Too many people become celebrities for being talentless idiots when their video goes viral.
I'd say that was a formative and powerful experience that'll serve her well.
Not the bullying, but her crossing the stage and holding her own ground while refusing to acknowledge the people who failed her
You can see the pain and how she had to carry it.
We all know she broke down crying right after and I hate those teachers for how hard they made it for her.
That’s probably cuz they know they were wrong and neglected her and it’s just their ego we see - but also a reflection of their character as leaders and educators unfortunately.
It's very sad because something like this can really traumatize a young adult and leave a scar - of likely mis-trust for authority, compromising self esteem, and possibly abandonment issues as well.
Hope she has wonderful loving parents and unconditional love and support - then she should be fine.
It was a classic fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, you’re cool, I’m out!
He earned that handshake.
This must be happening a lot bc there's a couple of other videos (different girls) doing the exact same thing.
I hate to question the authenticity but damn.
AI is making me question so much now, it's sickening.
Sad thing is AI aside many teachers/principals/school boards really don’t want to draw attention to the bullying going on in their schools.
Girls especially get told to just get over it and not cause a disruption.
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, you're cool."
Half Baked is stupid fun.
They don’t make em no more like they used to.
Half Baked was so good that even a complete piece of shit like Jim Breuer was enjoyable.
Should’ve given the teachers a wedgie
And those teachers were having themselves a nice awkward chuckle.
Fuck them fools.
she shook one dudes hand like “fuk you, fuk you, fuk you, ur cool, im out”
camel_crush_menthol
Literally this scene lmao
Hey Siri, play Piece of Me by Britney Spears
How exactly do we know the context here?
I never see context or a story to back this up, just the clickbait title.
It could be true, but it could just as easily be anything else and the internet is just projecting a context onto it.
is_from_webapp 1&sender_device pc&web_id 7620149896754005537 This is the original.
Some (sad) backstory in the comments.
I don’t have TikTok so i can’t open up all the comments.
Care to give a TLDR?
I just watched it.
There’s no more context and the only comments I saw from the creator were the typical engagement bait responses to other people.
If there’s more to the story I didn’t see it.
MacKenzie Scott has now donated over 26.
r/interesting - MacKenzie Scott has now donated over 26.
Huh opposites really do attract
Clearly not, they got divorced
They were married for 25 years.
Pretty sure that counts.
They also got married
That's kind of a prerequisite for getting divorced, yes.
you two should get married…
you are both annoying
She played the long game.
Or maybe not I don’t know.
She clearly thinks his wealth is excessive.
They attract, doesn't say they're good together.
I'd she is one of the biggest donator's who gave the most?
In the US, the biggest ever are Warren Buffet and Bill & Melinda Gates.
The other is trying to make sure it actually leaves circulation
Probably she was done with his bullshit.
Nobody should have that amount of money to give away.
Also she’s miles more attractive than that frozen faced fool he cats around with now.
Absolutely spoken for the truth.
She is naturally beautiful.
Lauren Sanchez, is a battlebot dressed like a space alien.
The funniest part is thats history Will probably remember her for what she did after the divorce
While her husband plays with his blow up doll; she makes the world a better place.
She needs to start donating to progressive candidates that will tax the rich.
She could bankroll a nationwide wave like what happened in New York and get the US back on track while maybe jailing a few key figures along the way.
Came here to say this.
How can this much money go back into society and we're still left with all this bullshit?
Well, for example, she funds food banks.
My friend was a director for our local food bank, mid size city most people haven't heard of, and she woke up one day and went to work a few years ago and found out Scott had quietly donated an absolutely game changing amount of money to it.
What she is doing she does quietly and it makes a difference.
Donations to political campaigns do not go back immediately into the daily lives of poor people in that way.
She is also a legend because unlike most rich people, she gives with no strings attached.
Most rich people donate and want something for it, like the money to be used to build something with their name on it (just an example).
Scott says "here's the money, use it according to your needs".
She has a team doing a very very good job.
It’s because it’s all just for show 90% of the time, she’s the exception.
But if we actually taxed the ultra rich like the working man, 1000x what she has donated would be placed back into society.
v P8ijiLqfXP0&pp 4gcNEgtjaGF0Z3B0LmNvbQ%3D%3D&ra m
I think I read she very purposely doesn’t donate to political campaigns.
Which is good, too toxic.
And herein lies the problem.
The right is bankrolled by private corporations and racist, isolationist billionaires while progressive billionaires want the feels of donating their money directly to causes they care about.
Progressive causes can only truly be advanced by policy change.
We need wealthy people who are willing to get their hands dirty to fix the system that wealthy people broke.
Eh, the way campaigns are run today, money is continuing to buy less and less influence when it comes to an affect on the voters themselves.
Can you still buy politicians?
So if we amt her to make politicians vote for good shit I’m down lol but I don’t think she needs to bankroll campaigns.
Tried to find more info, it seems that she’s donated to some groups that do work with Democrats, so she does do something.
I don’t think she needs to start bankrolling the DSA or anything like that.
Probably just have an overall negative effect on how she viewed, and the outcomes will then be tied to her and I think she’d rather just avoid politics at whole, as I said, it’s toxic.
If they get money they ll become rich, then we will see how willing they are to tax the rich
In other words, she’s the antithesis of 99% of America’s billionaires.
She is the 1% of the 1% doing actual good with her billions.
Mackenzie Scott is, in all seriousness, exactly the type of person you should be if you amass that type of wealth.
The homeless shelter where Im on the Board (IsaiahHouse.
org) received a yield giving grant from her with unrestricted funds, meaning the organization can do what they best see fit.
Not tethered to some specific programming etc.
Crazy rare in the non profit docs.
We still need lots of help but this grant was a true blessing.
Yes this is what I was trying to explain in another comment.
Lots of people here who don't understand just what a big deal that is
She's the other side of the coin from Jeff.
How much has Jeff donated?
7 billion according to Yahoo Finance.
Let her be the example for all the other insane rich megalomane Trump suckers
One question: does she own that charity?
Just read into it.
Yeah she’s pretty awesome for that.
And she yields it amongst many other organizations so yeah
Not just that - a lot of her donations are just truly no-strings attached cash donations.
Most philanthropic organizations have a process for submitting and vetting rigorous grant applications, and most non-profits have dedicated writers or teams that search for these opportunities.
Mackenzie Scott is so beloved in the philanthropic community because she will just randomly and unexpectedly gift deserving orgs life-changing amounts of money like Santa Claus.
I dont think billionaires should exist, but while they do, I'm grateful she is one of them.
No, it's not the Trump Foundation.
She isn't stealing donated money from sick children.
That's a Trump family thing.
I identify as a charity
